Rick grew up in a troubled household.
He never found good support in family, and turned to gangs.
It wasn't long before Rick got shot in a robbery.
The incident caused him to turn a new leaf.
He is happy now.
Laverne needs to prepare something for her friend's party.
She decides to bake a batch of brownies.
She chooses a recipe and follows it closely.
Laverne tests one of the brownies to make sure it is delicious.
The brownies are so delicious Laverne eats two of them.
Sarah had been dreaming of visiting Europe for years.
She had finally saved enough for the trip.
She landed in Spain and traveled east across the continent.
She didn't like how different everything was.
Sarah then decided to move to Europe.
Gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross.
She was very happy to find she was wrong.
The cookies from the tube were as good as from scratch.
Gina intended to only eat 2 cookies and save the rest.
Gina liked the cookies so much she ate them all in one sitting.
It was  my final performance in marching band.
I was playing the snare drum in the band.
We played Thriller and Radar Love.
The performance was flawless.
I was very proud of my performance.
Jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer.
He began snapping away at everything around him.
The counter clicked down to one final photo.
The gravity of the situation began to dawn on Jim.
Jim took time to decide what he would take a picture of.
Ron started his new job as a landscaper today.
He loves the outdoors and has always enjoyed working in it.
His boss tells him to re-sod the front yard of the mayor's home.
Ron is ecstatic, but does a thorough job and finishes super early.
Ron is immediately fired for insubordination.
John and Billy became very skilled at beer pong.
They entered a contest in college.
They won the contest and advanced to the next level.
The next level sent them to Vegas.
In Vegas, John and Billy competed against eighty contestants.
Caroline was a student in medical school.
Caroline worked very hard to get good grades.
One day Caroline failed a test by one point.
Caroline was very frustrated but she continued to study hard.
But she gave up.
Trish hated the outdoors.
Her friends convinced her to go camping.
She wasn't having a good time.
They showed her how to fish and showed her the stars.
Eventually Trish grudgingly came to accept nature.
Tony was happy to be going on his first cruise.
He arrived at the docks and was ready with all his luggage.
When he walked around the corner he couldn't believe the size of it.
He boarded and the ship left the docks.
Tony enjoyed going on the cruise.
Ignacio wants to play a sport while he is in college.
Since he was a good swimmer, he decides to try out for swim the team.
Ignacio makes it onto the team easily.
At the first swim meet, Ignacio wins second place!
Ignacio gave up swimming.
Danny bought a boat.
His nearby marina was having a race.
He decided to enter.
Danny and his best friend manned the boat.
Danny decided to go to sleep.
At school, Mary received an assignment to write an essay about pandas.
Luckily, Mary loved pandas, as was excited to get started.
As soon as she got home, Mary booted up her computer and began.
She wrote about all she knew and researched a little too!
Mary disliked Pandas.
Ellen dreamed of winning a prize for her roses.
She planned to enter her special purple rose at the fair.
She fertilized the rose bush and covered it each night.
The roses grew more beautiful every day.
Ellen ended up winning the prize.
Jesse had just started fifth grade.
He tried to make friends with the other boys, but he couldn't.
He decided to make friends with the girls instead.
They girls welcomed him into their social groups happily.
Jesse went to the park with his new friend, Roger.
Tiffany was getting overwhelmed at work.
While she liked her job, she longed for a break.
One day, she tripped outside on uneven pavement.
She broke her ankle and had to be off work for a couple months.
Tiffany went in to work the next day.
Gina misplaced her phone at her grandparents.
It wasn't in the living room.
She had been in the car before napping in the living room.
She grabbed her dad's keys and ran outside.
But she didn't want her phone anymore.
Alice was getting married in a few weeks.
One night, her mother called and she forgot to call her back.
Her mother left an angry message on her phone.
She threatened not to come to the wedding.
Alice called her mother and apologized profusely.
Ted loves to go to the movies.
He sees almost everyone and votes at the Oscars.
He has a big party for the Oscars and they all place bets.
Ted almost always wins with the movies he chooses.
Ted continues to watch several movies a week.
Nya had been asked on a paintball trip with friends.
She was nervous about going.
But she went anyways, hoping to have fun.
She shot paintballs at her friends and laughed the whole time.
She loved it so much she planned a trip for the next week.
All of Javier's friends at school have smartphones.
However, he still uses an old style flip phone.
One day he decides to buy a smartphone too.
At first he loves having the access to internet everywhere he goes.
Javier decides to get a smartphone.
Rachel decided to donate blood at the local blood drive.
She was a little nervous because this was her first time.
The next day Rachel received a call from the doctor that she saw.
The doctor told her that he had bad news.
Rachel broke down in tears.
Ron was watching a high-speed chase on TV.
The cop was chasing the bad guy through his neighborhood.
It was terrifying!
But then the cop caught the bad guy.
Ron started collecting bottle caps.
Sam loved his old belt.
He matched it with everything.
Unfortunately he gained too much weight.
It became too small.
Sam went on a diet.
Larry bought a new motorcycle.
He was excited to look cool.
The first time he tried riding it he dropped it.
He hurt his leg and had to go to the hospital.
Larry loved going to the hospital.
I went on a blind date a few days ago.
She was cute and friendly.
We were set up through a co worker.
We seem to have some things in common.
Soon we were boyfriend and girlfriend and thinking of marriage.
Sammy's coffee grinder was broken.
He needed something to crush up his coffee beans.
He put his coffee beans in a plastic bag.
He tried crushing them with a hammer.
Sammy was not that into coffee.
Last week Jared was driving to work.
He had been partying hard the night before.
He didn't get any sleep.
Before he knew it his car was facing oncoming traffic.
Jared swerved quickly and managed to avoid a collision.
Joe grew a big batch of peas in his garden.
He brought the peas inside and shelled them all.
Then he cooked them up in a big pot.
He added ham, bacon, and carrots to make thick pea soup.
Joe thought about working in the garden as he ate the yummy soup.
Aliza had a long lost ex-boyfriend she was bound to find.
The problem was, he moved to a new state.
She decided to use Facebook to find him.
She found him, but he was married with kids.
Aliza was sad, but she never contacted him again.
Lina went to see how candy canes were made.
She watched as the workers added dye to the hot candy.
Then, they stretched it out to make it shiny.
Finally, they shaped it into a cane and let it cool.
Lina now knew that candy canes were boring.
When I first moved into my house, I didn't know my neighbors.
While mowing one day, I found a kickball in my yard.
I felt this was the perfect opportunity to meet my neighbors.
I grabbed the ball and went next door to return it.
They were very friendly.
Bev had been studying very hard.
She couldn't wait for the weekend.
When it came, she slept in very late.
Then she got up and went out to party.
By Sunday night, Bev was exhausted again.
We went to Frank Pepe's pizza shop three weeks ago.
The chain is quite famous in Connecticut.
The chain recently opened in Boston.
We went early to beat the crowd.
We walked 5 growling dogs at the park across town.
Bernice always wanted to travel to Africa.
Bernice decided she would take a trip for her birthday next year.
Bernice started to look at the price of airline tickets for the trip.
In addition, Bernice looked up the price of hotels as well.
Bernice went to Europe for her birthday.
Jim made spinach cookies.
He sold them for five dollars each.
No one bought any.
However, at the last minute a man wanted twenty.
He was surprised but thankful.
Randy's friend gave him directions to his house.
He was supposed to take a right after the white house.
Randy continued to get lost.
He backtracked continuously until he finally found it.
Randy told his friend how relieved he was he found it.
I decided to go on a bike ride with my brother.
We both headed out in the morning.
We were having a lot of fun.
Suddenly, he hit a rock and broke his wheel!
Watching my brother crash was fun.
Anna went to the salon.
She was getting her nails done for the first time.
She was nervous, but the tech was friendly.
He did her nails quickly and expertly.
Anna felt very fashionable when she left the salon.
David and Sarah were friends during childhood.
When they went to college, each moved to a different town.
Sarah received an unexpected call from David on Friday.
They had dinner and talked about their lives.
Sarah was glad they were able to catch up.
AJ and his mom were at the grocery store.
Aj was looking at a cereal box and when he looked up his mom was gone.
He immediately started to feel panic.
Then his mom stepped out from behind a display of soup.
AJ then began to feel sad.
Joe went to the junkyard to find treasures.
He dug through a stack of old clothes.
At the bottom was a vintage shirt with a rock band on it.
Joe put the shirt on to try it out.
Joe was happy the shirt fit.
Priya decided to try a new restaurant.
She drove to a new cafe that opened.
Priya sat at a booth.
She ordered a mimosa and a breakfast burrito.
Priya thought her food was delicious.
Karen was assigned a roommate her first year of college.
One day, her roommate asked her to go to a nearby city for a concert.
Karen agreed happily.
The show was absolutely exhilarating.
Karen hated her roommate.
We took a family vacation to the beach last year.
I spent a lot of time reading with my mom on the beach.
One day while reading, I got stung by a horrible beach wasp.
My arm swelled and was painful, I almost had to go to the hospital.
Eventually I healed.
Donald was kind of the class clown.
He wanted to be class president.
So he figured if he acted like an idiot people would vote for him.
He would get up and just yell and be foolish.
Don hated elections.
Eddie and Angela hadn't been talking to each other for a long time.
They lived in their house together like strangers.
Finally, they sat down and agreed, it was time for a divorce.
Eddie went to the courthouse and filed the paperwork.
They were divorced a few months later.
Rachel adopted a cat over ten Years ago.
Suddenly, the cat was acting more lethargic and losing weight.
Concerned, Rachel took her cat to the vet.
The vet told Rachel that her cat had developed cancer.
Rachel was excited to hear the news.
Jim is a new driver and has never been pulled over before.
Yesterday he was pulled over for speeding.
The officer explained to him why he was being given a ticket.
Jim will have to work overtime to pay for the ticket.
Jim is very upset.
I love avocados.
I ate a sandwich covered in them.
After I ate it, my mouth was itchy and tingly.
I talked to my doctor about it later.
He said I was paranoid, and charged me $100.
David was an author that had trouble finding inspiration for his work.
One day he had a dream of him being in a post apocalyptic world.
He thought that this was destiny and began to write his thoughts.
Eventually he had hundreds of pages written.
David then uploaded his new video.
Boris was addicted to video games.
His mother was concerned.
She called a psychologist to get help.
The psychologist tried to convince Boris to stop his addiction.
Boris realized he was wasting his life.
A police officer came down with the flu today.
He was unable to go into work as he could barely get out of bed.
His wife spent time taking care of him and making sure he was okay.
He made sure to drink enough and eat enough.
The police officer had to give up his badge and gun.
My friend nathan and his family went to the lake one summer.
One day Nathan's dad left and didn't leave a lighter for his mom.
Well his mom was very upset and made him walk to the store barefoot.
Poor Nathan had to walk down a gravel road to bring his mom matches.
When Nathan returned, he felt very happy for the exercise.
Gary was a brave child.
One day he decided to climb over the fence in his backyard.
His parents looked all over for him.
They found him sitting on the swing at the park.
Gary's parents were relieved to find him.
Timmy was caught with unpaid parking tickets.
He didn't have enough money to pay for them.
Instead he had to be arrested and jailed for two days.
He lost his jobs for missing work.
Timmy was promoted for working so much all the time.
When I was younger, I went to summer camp.
We had a lot of fun playing games with the counselors.
My favorite thing to do was play cards.
The camp counselors knew so many different card games.
My time with the minister was very useful.
Amber had a lot of things to do this Sunday.
She made a list of all the places she needed to go.
She hurried to get ready.
She was worried that she would not have enough time.
Amber enjoyed a relaxing two hour brunch.
Eve needed a new couch in her parlor.
But she could not afford to buy one!
Then she went to a secondhand store and found a great one.
She had it delivered and set up in her living room.
She bought a new couch to replace it.
Jason was terrified of spiders.
He went to a therapist and discussed his fear.
His therapist said he should confront his fear to overcome it.
Jason's homework was to look for a spider in his basement.
He found a very large spider there.
Linda began to have problems with a coworker at her job.
The coworker had started bossing her around at work.
The coworker even talked behind her back.
Linda went to her boss with the issue and the boss mediated them.
Her boss fired her the next day.
Sara wanted her kids to have a great Christmas.
She saved all year and started her shopping in November.
She shopped deals and spent all her savings.
She spent two days wrapping dozens of presents.
All of the presents were wrapped and stored for the holidays.
Megan has been struggling with a drug habit for years.
She hit rock bottom when she lost her family and kids.
Her distant family decided to stage an intervention.
After the event, she got into a rehab facility.
She was able to get off drugs after some time.
Tyler has been unemployed for Years.
He has spent the last few months diligently applying for work.
However, all of his applications are rejected.
The rejections contribute to Tyler's feelings of desperation.
He is thrilled about his new responsibilities at work.
Bobby was having a birthday party.
His friends bought him a huge cake.
A woman jumped out of the cake.
Bobby was surprised and amused.
Bobby had a good party.
It was the last day of our vacation.
We were eating lunch on the patio of the hotel.
We laughed and smiled because it was a great vacation.
Then we packed our bags and drove to the airport.
We want to revisit someday.
Mother asked the children to help fold laundry.
The children took the clean clothes into the living room.
They dumped the clothes on the floor.
They folded the clothes neatly into piles.
The clothes were filthy and unfolded.
Timmy loves watching cartoons.
His parents don't let him watch unless he does his chores.
Today's chore is to clean his room.
Timmy's room is a mess.
Timmy went to the mess hall for breakfast.
My daughter had her baby shower in our Boston home.
She invited friends and family in the area.
Her old college roommate lives in Hawaii.
She decided to surprise my daughter by flying 4800 miles.
My daughter was disappointed.
Pam's house was where the party was.
Everyone bought gifts.
Pam bought a cake.
Everyone danced and had fun!
Pam was a lousy hostess.
Ellen always hated school.
The kids made fun of her every day.
They called her smelly Elly.
She decided to start taking baths.
Ellen liked the negative attention.
Jim got his first credit card in college.
He didn't have a job so he bought everything on his card.
After he graduated he amounted a $10,000 debt.
Jim realized that he was foolish to spend so much money.
Jim decided to devise a plan for repayment.
Tim was entering a baking contest.
He decided to make his famous donuts.
He made a big batch and entered them into the contest.
The judges thought they were delicious.
The judges vomited from the taste of the donuts.
My two year old son refused to wear training pants.
He always begged to wear a diaper.
One day, out of frustration, I let him remain naked.
He went to the potty and used it when I wasn't looking.
Now I don't try to make him wear training pants.
Holly was glad to be safely inside her house as the storm raged.
She was watching the storm as she heard a loud crack.
Lightning had hit a tree beside the house.
She stared as she watched it fall.
She went outside to fly a kite.
Jill saw an infomercial for unbreakable glass cups.
She was amazed and ordered them.
When Jill received the cups, she wanted to test them.
She dropped one on her hardwood floor.
It broke and Jill felt dumb for believing the hype.
Addie was working at the mall at Hollister when a strange man came in.
Before she knew it, Addie looked behind her and saw stolen clothes.
Addie got scared and tried to chase the man out.
Luckily guards came and arrested him.
Addie was put in jail for her crime.
Sean was going for a job interview.
He arrived at the business and asked for the manager.
The manager took him to the back and interviewed him.
Then, the manager showed him around and explained the job.
The manager hoped Sean would perform badly.
Fred made a bet with Sam over who could lose more weight in a month.
Fred really wanted to win the bet, which was for $100.
Fred worked out daily, avoided fast food, and skipped dinner.
At the end of the month Fred was feeling confident he would win.
Fred cancelled the bet at the end of the month.
John went skydiving for the first time.
He went with an instructor on a plane into the air.
He screamed when they jumped.
John was terribly afraid of heights and passed out.
John loved every second of the skydiving trip.
Gina and her family were leaving the park.
They had been there all afternoon.
Now they were going to her aunt's house.
Gina begged to be dropped off at her grandma's
Gina hated her grandma.
Kaya needed to buy a new dress for the upcoming Spring Formal.
She went to the mall with several of her friends.
The girls all had a good time visiting shops and trying on dresses.
Kaya found a dress that she loved that was a nice coral color.
She couldn't resist so she bought the antique vase.
Tyler wanted to have a balloon party with tons of balloons.
He and his friends and his parents blew up the balloons.
He and his friends played with the balloons and had a lot of fun.
They got tired and watched a movie and had dinner.
It had been a very fun day.
Jimmy went skateboarding this afternoon.
It was the third time this week.
He's getting good at it and really likes it.
He fell once but hasn't given up.
After all his practice this week, Jimmy has learned a new trick.
Maxine usually hates to shave her legs.
She doesn't like the feeling of using a razor.
One night Maxine has a big date and decides to wear a dress.
She shaves her legs for the occasion.
Maxine doesn't want to go on the date.
Ryan loved to customize his bike.
He decided to add some LED lights to the bike frame and wheels.
He ordered the parts from eBay.
When they arrived, he assembled them.
Ryan loved how his bike looked.
One day I wanted to cook a nice dinner for my family.
I decided to cook spaghetti.
I boiled the noodles and put the sauce in a pot on the stove.
I turned the stove on too high.
The sauce burned and stuck to the bottom of the pan.
Nick was challenged to a volleyball match.
His girlfriend bet him five dollars she could beat him.
Nick did not intend to let her win!
He played hard and mercilessly.
Nick beat his girlfriend and she gave him the five dollars.
Some friends and I made a Counter-Strike team.
We practiced a lot for an upcoming tournament.
We got to the tournament and went over strategies.
We played a tough 6 games.
We felt pleased with our performance.
Michelle found a fat tuxedo cat outside her house.
She put up posters all over her neighborhood.
After three weeks, no one had called Michelle about the cat.
Michelle decided to keep the cat for herself.
Michelle gave the cat to her neighbor.
Neil was visiting Ireland.
His train had just arrived in Derry.
As he disembarked, he caught his breath.
It was as gorgeous as a fairy tale!
Neil decided never to return to Ireland.
Mary went to the park.
She wanted to show off her new dress.
A bird flew over Mary and pooped.
Her dress became covered in bird poop.
Mary was happy to be showing off her dress.
Scott knew someone was stealing packages from his porch.
He set up a surveillance camera near his door.
He felt that he would at least have a video of the thief.
One day, Scott saw footage of the perpetrator.
Scott gave him a high five.
Colin was invited to the bar by his friends.
He loves beer but thinks it's too expensive at the bars.
He decided to go anyway.
He gave himself a budget.
Colin stuck to his budget and only drank 2 beers.
Jordan was planning on moving to Mexico.
Jordan decided that he should learn Spanish.
He ended up purchasing a language learning program from Amazon.
Everyday he worked on the program for at least 2 hours.
Jordan knew some conversational Spanish by the time he moved.
Fred is brand new to exercising and just joined a gym.
He was amazing at how expensive a personal trainer was.
He wanted to get into shape but couldn't afford the rates.
He found personal trainer routines online for free.
He never worked out again.
It was the second match of the volleyball season.
Amy was hopeful she would get a chance to play.
After the first game they were ahead.
Her coach put her in the game.
She finally got her chance to play in the match.
Ellen had had four miscarriages in a row.
Her husband Tim despaired of ever becoming a dad.
Then the doctor called him at work.
He told him that there was great news about Ellen.
The doctor told Tim that Emily went for a run.
David asked his mother if he could pour his own drink.
His mother agreed, but warned him to be careful.
David accidentally knocked over his glass which shattered everywhere.
His mother cheerfully forgave David.
David ate a cheeseburger.
Neil wanted to play hockey.
He borrowed some gear from his friends.
Then he geared up and headed to the rink.
He practiced for days.
Neil played baseball.
My friend  Cam was an Amazon bookseller.
He had 4,000 books stored in a garage.
He made enough money to live simply.
His house caught on fire one day and he lost his collection.
Cam has since decided to insure his belongings.
Rosie's teacher's birthday was coming up in 5 days.
Rosie did not have money to buy a present.
She asked her grandmother to teach her how to draw sunflowers.
Rosie drew a big sunflower and painted it with watercolor.
Rosie's teacher loved the gift.
A man ordered an antique clock on eBay.
He received a box containing six blown fuses and a jar of pickles.
He filed a complaint with eBay.
EBay refused to process a refund.
The man is furious.
Tom and Dick loved their trucks.
They would go out in the desert every week.
They would kick up dirt and play around.
Then Tom's truck broke down.
It cost a lot of money, but he got it repaired.
Harry went to the theme park with his family.
His dad and brother rode on a big roller coaster with him.
He then rode on some smaller rides with his mom.
The family ate at a restaurant at the park.
Harry didn't like theme parks.
I had a presentation in art.
My teacher failed me although I did everything right.
He allowed me to repeat my presentation and failed me again.
I believed that I did the presentation correct and stood up for it.
My teacher suggested I pursue art school.
Leah had a hockey game.
All of her family came to cheer her on.
But when she got there she realized they were short handed.
Only a handful of girls showed up to play.
Leah was very happy to hear the news.
Ava started to notice wrinkles by her eyes.
She bought an expensive wrinkle cream.
She applied it every night.
After a month she checked her eyes out carefully.
She decided to buy more toothpaste.
Harry shopped a lot online and was looking to buy a new camera.
He researched different cameras online and decided to buy one.
He made the purchase and the camera arrived in the mail the next week.
When Harry opened the package, he found that the camera was damaged.
Annoyed, he contacted the retailer to complain about the damage.
Jasper has been avoiding getting a real job for months.
He has hated all the previous office jobs that he had.
One day he sees a job opening at his local butcher.
He applies successfully for the job at the butcher.
Jasper quits his job the next day.
After  gathering all of the items for our party, I invited our friends.
Most of the were excited to come over for food!
It took about an hour but they all arrived on time.
After the arrived we began eating and enjoying ourselves.
I couldn't wait for my friends to leave.
Tom fond that he was no longer happy in his job.
Tom decided that it was time to find a new job.
Tom looked through the want ads and put in applications.
Tom went on job interviews and talked to a lot of people.
He finally received a job offer.
Paul graduated from high school.
He did not get accepted into college.
His mom advised him to get a job.
Paul agreed.
Paul was furious with his mom.
Harvey's roommates teased him about being so thin.
They were egotistical football players.
They challenged Harvey to a ping pong game, expecting him to lose.
But they did not know that Harvey was a nationally ranked player.
Harvey choked, and lost every match he played.
I think yesterday was when I realized I shouldn't be a mathematician.
I was at the grocery store, restocking for next week.
I had bought around twenty items, and thought I was under my budget.
When I went to check out, I was ten dollars over!
I then realized that I was not good at math.
My family's red car broke down last year.
Our family needed a 2 door car that had good gas mileage.
We visited a few people who were selling cars.
My parents searched multiple dealerships.
They bought another red car.
Gina's phone died as they drove on the highway.
She plugged it in the front seat, but she was in the backseat.
She was bored without her phone so she tried to reach it.
She was on the end and it was too far.
She acted like a brat and threw a tantrum.
I was just sitting on the porch enjoying my day.
When out of the blue, a loud bang disturbed my peace.
I jumped up in surprise.
The door had slammed open.
I realized I needed noise to sleep.
Gina's local library had no books on dolphins.
She needed to find another library.
The closest one was downtown.
Her mother refused to take her.
Gina and her mother went immediately.
Alan got a gun for his 18th birthday.
His dad took him to the range to practice shooting.
Alan was a terrible shot!
But he persevered and practiced a lot.
He then went to sleep.
Jay was finishing up lunch at McDonald's, throwing away his trash.
As soon as he threw it away, he realized there was a promo happening.
There were some game pieces on his fry box so he fished it out.
He peeled off the game piece and couldn't believe it.
Jay thought Burger King was awesome.
There once was a man named John.
He worked in a factory.
The factory fired him for poor work.
As a result, he had to find other work.
John was a troubled worker.
Kev's dad asked to take him hunting.
Kev said he'd consider it.
Then he decided he didn't like hunting.
He thought it was cruelty to animals.
Kev was excited to try out his new gun.
When Emily was young she got to go to her first concert.
She was nervous because of all of the people at the concert.
Emily was very excited to see her favorite artist on the stage.
The concert ticket was a gift for Emily for her birthday.
Emily decided she didn't want the concert ticket.
Lina wanted to fry donuts.
She got an application for the donut shop.
To her delight, she had been hired!
She started to go to work frying donuts.
Lina hated donuts.
My class went to the Everglades for our field trip.
We did some sightseeing in several of the forests.
We also got the opportunity to travel in water.
The bus ride home was long and boring.
I was invigorated when I got home.
A group of workers from Mechanical Turk joined a forum.
They formed a clique and demanded more and more power.
Andy, the forum owner, had enough, and told them as much.
They haughtily stomped off to make a forum of only themselves.
The new forum was theirs to rule.
Donna's toddler son, Ty, didn't like having his nails clipped.
The child's nails had grown longer than she was comfortable with.
Donna decided to wait until he was asleep.
Once Ty was napping, Donna quietly clipped each nail.
Donna had a much easier time because Ty was asleep.
Gina didn't want to sit at her desk near her old friends.
She could feel the tension between them.
She decided to ask to go to the library.
Her teacher agreed to allow her to go for an hour.
Gina was angry that she went to the library.
Vivienne wanted to move from France to America.
Part of the immigration process was an interview about her intentions.
Vivienne did not have any goals or career aspirations.
The interview did not go well.
Vivienne soon received her visa in the mail.
Frank filled up dozens of water balloons to throw at this sister.
Little did he know she was ready for him.
When he started the attack, she pulled out a huge water gun.
It was much more effective than his balloons.
Frank enrolled in a marine biology class.
Gina's dad pulled into the 24 hour Walgreen's parking lot.
It was nearly 4 AM but everyone went inside.
They needed toothbrushes before they went to grandma's house.
It was Gina's job to pack them before they left.
Gina's family was glad that their toothbrushes weren't packed.
John was excited to have a job interview.
He went to the interview very prepared and nicely dressed.
During the interview he was very talkative and likable.
The manager of the company was really impressed by John's comments.
John commented on how badly run he thought the place was.
Ben wanted a glass of orange juice.
There was none in the house.
However, there was a bag of oranges.
He halved a few of them and got out the juicer.
Ben made freshly squeezed orange juice from the oranges.
Reg was hoping for a snow day.
There was a bad storm overnight.
He got his wish and school was canceled!
He spent the whole day playing in the snow making snowmen.
Reg hoped it would never snow again.
Caroline never drinks carbonated beverages.
Her friends pick on her because of it.
One day they challenged her to drink a soda.
Caroline wanted to win the challenge.
Caroline refused to open the soda.
Tom and Cindy were eating marshmallows.
But Tom began to get tired of it.
Cindy suggested roasting the marshmallows.
And Tom agreed with her suggestion.
Tom got up and went for a swim.
Bob was at the grocery store.
At check out, he realized he forgot his credit card.
The woman behind him offered to buy his groceries.
Bob was so appreciative.
He promised to pay her back.
John bought a new gun.
He loved all the safety features.
He was showing it off to his friend.
It accidentally went off.
John did not have a gun.
Neil was visiting the city of Luxor.
He took a tour to learn about Egyptian history.
They learned a lot of facts.
Then they had a picnic lunch on the banks of the Nile.
Neil was not interested in Egyptian history.
John wasn't adventurous about trying new food.
His mom always made him try 2 bites of something new.
If he didn't like it, he didn't have to eat any more.
One day she gave him a slimy looking food called papaya.
John knew his papaya farm needed new capital investment.
I have a favorite pair of socks.
Last week I was doing laundry.
One of the two was lost.
I looked everywhere and couldn't find it.
All my socks were accounted for.
Alex ran across town to get to a friends house.
He didn't know his shoe was untied.
He had ran for three block when it happened.
He tripped on that shoelace of his.
Alex next ran for a seat on the school board.
Sal liked magic.
He always tried to pulled tricks for his family.
He tried to pull a rabbit out of his hat on day.
But the hat ripped and the rabbit fell through.
The people watching him congratulated him.
Javier always noticed the kids playing handball near his house.
He wanted to join them but he was intimidated.
One day he summoned the courage to play handball with them.
He found that they were actually very nice.
Javier went to the convenience store after school.
Gordon bought his son a remote control car for Christmas.
But he realized that it needed AA batteries.
Gordon could not find any.
So the next day, he went to the toy store where he bought the car.
He bought a big package of AA batteries.
Mim was driving down the highway in a bad snow storm.
There was so much snow, Mim pulled her car over.
She noticed other people were doing the same.
She got an emergency blanket from the backseat, and ate a snack.
Mim pulled back onto the road and drove faster to make up time.
Yesterday, my mother in law called, and wanted to go out to some store.
She picked me up at 4:30, and we headed out.
We went to one store after the other looking for good deals.
Absolutely none of the stores had anything good to buy.
We brought home six bags of items.
Sarah was horrified of swings growing up.
She would cry every time she would go to the playground.
Last week she finally attempted to swing for the first time in Years.
She loved it so much that she swung for an hour.
The swing was pulled around violently in the wind.
The Malamute always sniffed at the slide during his walk.
His owner walked him up to the platform one day.
He was scared to slide down.
They continued to do this every day on their walk.
The Malamute's owner never took him to the slide again.
Today was Tim's birthday party.
Since he was sick, he couldn't go out.
However, the family decided to come to his out.
We brought him a cake and take-out food.
Tim was very happy to be remembered.
Frankie was in love with a distant, aloof man.
The man she loved was not very nice to her.
He cheated on her with other people in town.
Frankie left him.
Frankie went to see a movie.
Nancy was sitting near the science building.
Ian tried to sneak close to her.
She didn't notice until she looked around.
Ian threw a pie directly in her face.
Nancy caught the pie and began to eat it.
George had an internship.
He really wanted to get a full time job with the company.
George worked hard and proved to be smart.
A position opened up that George wanted.
He eagerly applied for it and was ultimately hired.
All Kevin wanted in life was to buy his fiance a house.
He became near obsessed, saving every penny.
He worked multiple jobs and lived as a miser.
After a year, Kevin had enough money for a down payment.
Kevin bought a house.
Joe had an accountant.
He never paid attention to his accountant.
Until one day he realized he had no money.
Joe furiously stormed into the accountant's office.
Joe went for a run on the beach.
Sven was very poor.
Sven's brother told him there was lots of money on the train.
So Sven and his brother started a gang.
They robbed the train!
Sven was caught and jailed shortly after.
John was diagnosed with bone cancer.
He was sad and felt defeated.
But, he decided to enroll in chemotherapy and fight the disease.
He struggled for two years to overcome cancer.
John eventually beat the cancer.
Everyone told Matt he ate too much red meat.
He ignored all their warnings about red meat and health problems.
One day after a juicy burger, Matt had a heart attack.
Matt became a vegetarian after he left the hospital.
He stayed heart attack free for the rest of his life.
My daughter brought her dog over to play with my dog.
Her dog is big and full of energy.
My dog is small, quiet and older.
They are completely opposite.
The cats made a mess out of the house!
I decided to rent a movie when friends came over last night.
After looking through selections we decided on horror.
We picked a great movie and sat down with popcorn.
It was really scarey!
I had a hard time falling asleep that night.
Sandy is Louie's mother.
Louie is a puppy.
A nice family adopted Sandy.
They decided to adopt Louie too.
Louie walked across the sandy beach, lonely.
Lia was trying to lose weight.
She cut out junk food and fatty foods.
But she still struggled to lose weight.
Then she began running every day on her treadmill.
She started losing weight.
I cleaned my wedding ring.
I first set it in the cleaner to soak.
I then wiped it with the brush to make sure I got everything off.
Then I put it back in the cleaner for a bit.
I decided to throw the ring away.
Gina liked to volunteer at a homeless shelter.
She had spent Years going there for many hours a week.
The staff decided to do something to show their appreciation.
They chipped in and got Gina a gift.
Gina stopped volunteering because she felt unappreciated.
Gina was in the middle of the backseat surrounded by siblings.
They were driving out of town in heavy traffic.
Gina looked out the window.
In the next car a child was showing his mouth of chewed food.
Gina continued to stare.
Pamela purchased an antique urn at a garage sale.
She thinks it would look nice with the decor in her home.
When she got home she noticed that someone's ashes were in there.
Pamela returned the urn.
Pamela received a full refund and a free urn for her troubles.
Jane was excited to go home early for once.
She worked cleaning offices at night.
She was ahead of her normal schedule.
When she got to the final office she noticed a huge mess.
Jane was happy she had to stay and clean the office.
My husband and I rented a car on vacation.
The car we got was horrible.
The wipers didn't work, and a headlight was out.
It smelled awful and was very dirty.
We will never rent from that car company again.
Fred receives a specialty coffee maker for Christmas.
He finally opens it after leaving it in its box for a few weeks.
Fred decides to make himself a cappuccino.
To his surprise, it tastes just as good as the ones he buys outside.
Frank will save about $25 a week making coffee himself.
The delivery man handed a package to me.
I opened the box.
Since nothing was inside, I tried shouting at the delivery man.
He couldn't hear me and drove off.
I had to call to find out what was going on.
My family is sharing a bowl of popcorn.
Mom is reading a book and eating one piece at a time.
Dad and I are playing iPad games and eating handfuls at a time.
We have played this game before!
Dad and I love popcorn.
Lou was on a diet.
She was eating very little.
But she still struggled to lose weight!
Then she added an exercise regimen.
Lou was finally able to lose weight.
Betsy was about to celebrate her sixteenth birthday.
Her parents surprised her with a nice dinner out and a small present.
Happily, her parents gave her a monogram necklace.
On the way home, Betsy misplaced the necklace in the car.
Betsy felt really bad for the rest of the night.
Joy's pastor asks her to sing at church.
Joy practiced for weeks.
Joy is very nervous about singing.
Tonight is the big night.
When the time comes for her to sing, Joy faints.
Sara wanted to do something for her sister who has cancer.
The chemo caused her sister to loose all her hair.
Sara went to the hair salon and had her long hair cut short.
She then had the hair made into a wig.
She threw the wig into the trash.
I found a snake in the basement window well.
I tried to hit it with a spade, but it dug down where I couldn't see.
I thought it had gone under the siding near the foundation.
I went down in the basement and found it behind the wall.
I really enjoyed having my party with friends.
Juanita had watched a scary movie.
Now, she was having trouble falling asleep.
Juanita tried turning on a nightlight and music.
The room didn't feel so frightening anymore.
She had the worst nightmare of her life.
Jane needed to earn some extra money.
She remembered paid psychology experiments in college.
Jane searched for paid experiments and found Mechanical Turk.
She was now able to participate in psychology experiments at home.
Jane decided not to participate in psychology experiments anymore.
It was like any other Friday for Jay.
He had just finished work and bought his weekly lottery ticket.
After dinner, he waited patiently for the lottery results.
He couldn't believe it when more than half his numbers were called.
Finally, all of his number were read and Jay had won.
James has just started working at a company with a ping pong table.
He has always wanted to play ping pong with a coworker.
One day after work, his friend challenges him to a game.
James plays very well, but eventually loses the game.
James was worried because he beat his boss at ping pong.
Joyce wanted to rent a movie.
She didn't know that Netflix offered online streaming.
She went to the video store to find something to watch.
Someone there told her about Netflix Instant Streaming.
She decided to watch a movie on Netflix instead.
Lester has always loved academic debate.
He decides to found a debate team at his college.
He finds a professor to advise the team, and slowly recruits students.
Soon the team is large enough to debate another school.
Lester's team plays against the other school's basketball team.
Jessica wanted a pony for her birthday more than anything.
In the days coming up to it, she asked her dad for a pony.
He said he would think about it.
He gave Jessica a pony shaped box on her special day.
Jessica was disappointed because she wanted a real pony.
Sal was jumping rope.
Then he tripped and fell.
He twisted his ankle as he went down.
He needed to wear a brace for three weeks.
Sal hated the brace.
Julie wants to make food for lunch for the upcoming week.
She decides to hard boil a dozen eggs.
Julie boils water and dumps the eggs in for 8 minutes each.
Finally her eggs are boiled perfectly.
Julie makes lunches for her son who is allergic to eggs.
We got in the car to go to the zoo.
I couldn't wait to see the zebra.
We walked around and saw so many animals.
I got to see the zebra play.
I enjoyed visiting the zoo.
Bob had a young puppy.
The puppy loved to play catch with Bob.
Of course, the puppy grew into a dog.
The dog grew old and could no longer play catch.
Bob was very happy about this.
Jennifer forgot to close the front door when she got home.
By the time she noticed her pet cat had disappeared.
She walked around the neighborhood calling for the cat.
She made flyers with her contact information.
Jennifer decided to save up for a car so she could avoid the bus.
Peter's friends invite him for a small Halloween party.
He arrives late and hasn't had time to eat dinner.
A friend offers him a slice of pumpkin pie at the party.
The pie is delicious and it has whipped cream on the side.
Peter was mad at his friend.
Dan loves the sport of bowling.
His dad taught him how to play when he was little.
The use to compete in tournaments together.
His dad has since passed away.
Dan never liked to bowl anyway.
Billy would wake up every morning and get ready for school.
First he would take a shower to start getting ready.
Next Billy would have to get dressed.
After he was fully clothed he would eat breakfast.
Billy was very methodical.
Bob loved to watch movies.
He was looking forward to a three day weekend coming up.
He made a list of his favorite movies and invited some friends over.
He spent the weekend with his friends watching all his favorite movies
Bob stopped talking to those friends.
Mike had a free Saturday.
He drove to several car dealers.
He was interested in seeing potential future cars for himself.
Mike found a Jeep he fell in love with.
Mike never liked Jeeps.
Fred had his first karate tournament yesterday.
He was very nervous.
When it got there he was shaking.
Thankfully he ended up doing well.
Fred came in last place in his karate tournament.
Gregory took a pottery class at a nearby night school.
He was terrible at sculpture.
He grew to like throwing pots on pottery wheels very much.
Eventually he was making pots half as tall as he was.
He broke all of the pots he made.
Joe's family moved to another house.
Some kids down the block broke the windows and went in.
Gina and her sister decided not to and went home.
Gina's sister walked through the yard and stepped on the glass.
Joe decided to get some ice cream at the store.
I play the lottery a lot and I always lose.
This year alone I've played over one hundred times.
I did the math to see how much money I would have if I never played.
Turns out I would have thousands more in my pocket.
I now play twice as much.
A man went into the library and grabbed some random books.
He hid them in other parts of the library.
The librarian stopped him and asked what he was doing.
The man said he was trying to stop people from reading.
The librarian kicked the man out.
Quinn spent a lot of time caring for her lawn.
She felt that a well-kept lawn reflected well on the house.
Quinn thought that it made the only first impression that mattered.
Her region experienced a drought and watering restrictions happened.
She researched methods of lawn care that took less water.
My family went out to dinner on Thursday.
We chose a local pizza place.
The food was delicious.
The staff was friendly and quick.
Pizza was first made in Italy to represent the colors of the flag.
The old dog was doing worse than usual.
He stopped eating and cried when he moved.
Cheryl avoided making the appointment with the vet.
She told her husband that she would make the appointment tomorrow.
Cheryl made more money turning tricks than at her full-time  job.
Bob wanted to get a tattoo.
He wanted to get one of a wolf.
His girlfriend sketched a neat design.
Bob got the tattoo done the next day.
Bob hates tattoos.
Dan was sure that he was over his ex girlfriend.
Until a mutual friend posted a picture of her in a restaurant.
The picture brought Dan back to the good times.
He felt regret.
Dan decided to call his old girlfriend.
Jane and Shawn were close friends.
They did everything together.
They got married when they were older.
Jane died of cancer.
Shawn missed Jane every day.
Gina's friend Mary wouldn't share.
They both needed to use the school library books about dolphins.
But Mary had beaten Gina and taken them all.
And now she refused to share the books.
Mary was always trying to make Gina happy.
Bob's stomach was really bothering him after the big meal.
A friend he had dined with called to say she was feeling ill, too.
They decided the seafood they'd eaten had been bad.
Sometime later, Bob finally threw up the contents of his stomach.
Bob will be careful that he never eats at that restaurant again.
I started playing chess with my friend Tim in 2000.
I bought a tournament set and clock.
We made plans to go to a tournament, but Tim got sick.
I went and won five games.
Tim felt great.
Yesterday Kim got a brand new blazer.
To her delight, when she got to school everyone complimented her on it.
The next few weeks, Kim saw that everyone was wearing the blazer.
She felt happy to start a new trend.
Kim was glad people were inspired to imitate her.
Ben lost his job.
He was devastated since he loved his job.
Months went by and he could not find a job in his field.
So, he started to worry that he would never find a job.
Ben decided to retire.
Detention was finally over.
The teacher had confiscated Gina's phone.
She went to his desk to ask for it back.
It turned out a parent needed to collect the phone.
The teacher gave Gina her phone back.
I got a job as a shopping mall Santa last December.
The hours were long.
The pay was bad.
But I found interacting with the kids to be completely amazing.
I found that playing Santa was not worth my time off.
My friend and I had a little contest the other day.
We tried to see who could blow the biggest bubblegum bubble.
We took different turns and would take measurements.
When his was getting at it's biggest I popped it.
He was a little mad, but I just laughed.
Candice loved to bake.
One day Candice noticed her mom was sad.
Candice found out her mom needed money.
She decided to do a bake sale.
Candice gave the money to her mom.
We went hiking a few weeks ago.
After deciding to leave, we decided on a forest not too far from us.
Once we got there, the weather was perfect!
After setting out down the trail, we saw a snake!
We were pleasantly surprised!
The votes were in for class presidential elections.
Cara was nervous because she wanted to win.
When the winner was drawn, Cara was defeated.
She lost to her opponent.
Cara threw a party to celebrate.
Ellie wanted a fish tank.
She went and bought a big aquarium.
Then she filled it with fresh clean water and gravel.
Lastly, she added her fish.
Ellie ate the fish.
Juan wanted a new guitar more than anything.
He decided to save up money to buy one.
All summer he worked, saving up every penny.
Finally, he was able to buy the guitar.
Juan was always impatient.
Today is Jim's first day as a police officer.
He was excited to meet his partner Tim.
While on their beat, they made a traffic stop for failure to yield.
The two men instructed the driver on proper road safety.
Jim and Tim become good friends.
I wanted to learn how chocolate chips are made.
I went to the internet and did a search on the subject.
I scanned through all the results, and finally found what I wanted.
I read the whole article.
I made the cookies.
Sal bought a lotto ticket.
The jackpot was up to 1 million dollars.
He had all the numbers except 1.
Sal won 5 thousand dollars.
Sal was excited to be an instant millionaire.
Harry was doing his homework but had trouble with math.
He decided to look for help on Youtube.
After doing a few lessons, he saw an interesting video.
The video was exciting and so he decided to watch another.
Harry decided math would be a great topic for a video game.
John took a big drink and swallowed an ice cube.
When the ice cube stuck in his throat, John panicked.
He heated some water to melt the ice cube.
He gulped it quickly, and the ice melted.
John was relieved.
Sean and Sara were travelling to see a concert.
They had to take the train to Portland.
Once they got there, they checked into a hotel.
They walked to the concert venue.
Sadly, the concert was canceled due to sickness.
Rex missed his high school days of being a gymnast.
Now he was afraid he had lost his athletic touch forever.
However, a friend encouraged him to try a cartwheel on the beach.
Rex did an awesome cartwheel on his first try!
He was relieved.
Hal and Judy were moving into a new home with their son.
They spent the whole day packing everything up.
When they were ready, Judy and the son travelled to the new home.
Hal followed behind them with a moving van.
Judy and the son arrived shortly before Hal.
Joe was pals with Tim.
They always played together at recess.
One day Joe said he was going to move away.
Tim was sad.
Joe and Tim stayed friends online.
Jenny decided she needed a day off from work.
She called in sick and went to the beach instead.
She spent all day at the beach and got sunburned.
The next day, her boss noticed that she was burned from the sun.
Jenny's boss gave her a raise.
John and Ed had a bet on who could get the most candy on Halloween.
They left John's house at the same time going in different directions.
They had two hours to gather as much as they could.
When they got back to the house they weighed their bags.
John ended up having the most.
Brandon woke up this morning with his tooth missing.
All excited he ran into his parents room.
Brandon jumped up and down on their bed.
He ran back to his room to put his tooth under his pillow.
Brandon checked the next day and found 50 cents under his pillow.
Kelsi always wanted a new pool.
She begged her parents for Years to get one.
Finally they caved in and allowed her to have one.
Kelsi was elated and could not believe it.
Kelsi had no interest in the pool her parents bought.
Rick liked eating chocolate oatmeal.
But his friend suggested that he use higher quality cocoa powder.
Rick was tight about money.
But he decided to buy more expensive cocoa powder just once.
The taste was worth the price.
Ann and Tori had been friends for over 20 years.
They often shopped together.
Tori received a call from the bank regarding charges on her ATM card.
She called Anne and  told her that someone had been using her card.
Ann and Tori continued to shop.
Amy was nervous about her first violin recital.
She knew her piece but she was afraid her mind would go blank.
As she stood on stage she closed her eyes, taking a deep breath.
Her bow danced across the strings.
Amy threw the instrument on the floor.
We used to live by an ice pond.
It froze over in the winter.
One day my friend Joe took his 3 year old out onto the pond.
Joe slid his son along the ice like a curling stone.
Joe left his son unattended to move to florida.
Gina's dad came up from the basement furious.
He found drugs on her teen brothers bed.
What if one of the little kids had found these drugs.
For her father this was the last straw.
Gina's father grounded everyone for a month.
Carry has been short her whole life.
She could never reach the top shelf at the store.
Greg saw her struggling to reach.
He went over and helped her.
She refused his help and walked away.
Samuel loved reading old science fiction stories.
He collected books by HG Wells and Jules Verne.
His favorite was HG Wells.
His father gave him a copy of The Island of Dr Moreau.
Samuel could not read.
David was an all around great football player.
He was nervous about his next game.
A scout would be there.
This game would determine his future.
David hoped to play really well.
Last Friday was Tad Dunkin's first race in nascar.
He had been waiting for this his whole life.
He was doing surprisingly well for a first timer.
Then he lost control and hit a wall.
Tad was seriously injured.
Danny likes to go on picnics.
Paisley is Danny's girlfriend.
One day, Danny took Paisley on a picnic.
She enjoyed herself very much.
Paisley decided to break up with Danny after the picnic.
My chest hair was getting out of control.
I decided I needed to take some trimmers to it.
I stepped into the shower and started to shave it off.
The hair started to plug the drain because there was so much.
I decided to glue the hair back on.
I had a stroke in 2011.
I spent 8 weeks in hospitals and rehab centers.
The staff fed me oatmeal every morning.
After I got released I kept eating oatmeal.
Oatmeal became my favorite food.
Charles had a big, white dog.
He did not like the way the dog looked.
Charles thought about what he could do to change it.
He painted the dog pink.
He was very full.
Kelly bought a book to read on a plane one day.
She had two long flights and nothing else to do.
She became engrossed in the book as she flew.
But when she changed planes, she realized she'd forgotten it!
Kelly was unhappy.
Ava was mad that she had to wear a vest in the pool.
She wanted to swim without a vest like her brother.
She asked her mother if she could take swimming lessons.
Ava took lessons for 6 weeks and learned how to swim.
She was happy that she didn't have to wear a vest anymore.
Tom was wrapping Christmas presents.
But he lost track of who they were for.
So he put wrong name tags on the presents.
On Christmas, Tom handed his son a present.
His son got just what he wanted and was quite happy.
Connie's doctor says she is overweight.
She recommended better diet and exercise.
One day, Connie joined a gym.
The next day, Connie was disappointed to not see change.
She was proud of her body.
Kurtis decided to go camping.
He drove up to the mountains and found a camping spot.
He began to set up his tent.
Suddenly, a grizzly bear came and began to approach Kurtis.
Kurtis trembled with fright.
Neil had been journeying through Asia.
Now he had worked his way south into Australia.
Neil was so excited to see Australian culture.
He was thrilled at the prospect of exotic animals and people!
He had always wanted to go surfing under the California sun.
Joe needed money.
He asked Jeb for Fifty dollars.
Jeb refused.
He told Joe to get a job.
Joe was happy Jeb loaned him the money.
Gina was in trouble for something her sister did.
Her parents held her accountable since she was older.
Gina thought this was very unfair.
She went to her room and sat alone, waiting for an apology.
Her sister came and apologized.
Ann loved cake.
Every saturday she would walk by the bakery.
Ann loved to look at the beautiful cakes.
One day a lady asked her to come inside.
Ann felt insulted by the lady's offer.
Kelly and her friends went to a new ice cream shop.
They were excited to try the new flavors.
One of the flavors was wasabi.
Even though it looked gross it tasted good.
Kelly was glad she tried new flavors.
Rory was allergic to gluten and strawberries.
One day she sat down to eat lunch at school.
She opened her lunch box, and stared at a sandwich with strawberries.
Her new step mom had packed her lunch for the first time.
Rory had to buy a school lunch that day.
A boy needed to learn to drive.
He asked his father and he said yes.
They began to look for a first car.
In the newspaper ads, they found a nice looking car.
The boy bought a bicycle.
Lynn told her friends they were going to sneak out.
But sneaking back in was a problem.
Her dad was in the kitchen.
The girls climbed into the basement through an open window.
Her dad caught them and scolded them for sneaking out.
Tory was tired of the hot weather.
And he had no air conditioner at home.
He gathered what money he could and set out to buy one.
But as he stepped outside, he noticed rain drops.
It became too hot and dry for Tory to go out.
I bought a new lamp today.
I still need to set it up.
I'm not sure where to put it.
My mom thinks it should go in the corner.
I put it in the middle of the room like my mom suggested.
Many years ago, the United States was not a country.
Instead, the people who lived there were part of England.
They decided they wanted to be their own country.
There was a long war, but ultimately they prevailed.
After a few years, the States decided to return to England.
Cole had a garden with a lot of vegetables.
He had so many that he would have to throw them out.
He started to take his excess vegetables to the local church.
The church was grateful to Cole for his kindness.
Cole was upset that all of his vegetables went to waste.
Throughout my day in school, I was completely tired.
As my Spanish teacher taught accents, I was falling asleep.
During lunch, I decided to rest on the bleachers in the football field.
In addition, I fell asleep on the bus ride home.
I decided to watch movies all night.
Bob was daydreaming as he drove his car.
A deer jumped out right in front of him on to the road.
Bob's car slammed into the deer!
The deer and Bob's front bumper were pulverized!
Bob was dazed and had a cut on his forehead!
I went to las vegas.
I learned that i really like the slot machines.
I spent a lot of time on them.
i spent a lot of money.
I was upset when I lost all my money.
Chelsea was getting married next week.
She needed someone to give her away.
Her father was out of the question as he was an abusive jerk.
She really didn't know what to do.
She asked her father, because he had always been great to her.
Austin needed artwork for his apartment.
He went to some art galleries downtown to get inspiration.
Once he had an idea.
He went online and bought some materials.
Austin went to the park and played with his dog.
In 2005, I went to St Anselm College to play chess.
My friend was a professor there.
His colleague-also a chess player- played us as well.
I was on a great streak and did not lose any games!
I will continue playing chess and hope for qualified opponents.
Izzy is a doctor.
She is too involved with her patients.
One day, she falls in love with her patient, Denny.
Denny dies of an aneurysm.
Izzy is heartbroken.
Larry always wanted to feel stronger.
He noticed that several students at school were lifting weights.
Larry decided to lift weights as well.
He started with light weights, but gradually tried heavier ones.
Eventually Larry got stronger.
My roommate interviewed for a new job.
He practiced every night the week before to make sure he was ready.
When the day came, he dressed up in his nicest clothes.
We waited in anticipation to hear what would happen.
He got a call a few days later saying that he got the job.
Gertrude was notoriously clumsy and awkward.
Her friends thought that participating in a sport may help her.
She decided to try out for the soccer team at school.
She ran out on the field and unexpectedly tripped over the ball.
The soccer team congratulated her and gave her a spot on the team.
Leeza was walking alone near the woods.
She suddenly fell and was unable to walk.
She screamed for help, to no avail.
She crawled to the street to flag someone down.
Leeza was in pain.
Noah bought an old book at the thrift store.
He took it home and began to read it.
As he did, something fell out of the pages.
Noah bent curiously and picked it up, eyes widening.
He went back to reading his book.
Gina couldn't turn on the water hose.
The spigot was without a handle.
She couldn't find the handle in the house.
Finally she went into the garage to look.
Gina fixed herself some lunch.
I found a $600 dollar envelope in the mail today.
However, it belonged to my neighbor.
I decided to give them the mail instead of keeping it.
They thanked me for being selfless.
I am dishonest.
Before she left, she promised him that one day she would be back.
She had important things to take care of far away.
He missed her and she really missed him.
Someday she would be back, he told himself.
He hoped that she never came back.
Oliver needed a new radio.
He didn't know anything about them, though.
He had a friend help him pick one out.
The friend was a pro and found him a good deal.
Oliver was sick of his friend's unwanted advice.
Tommy called on the girl who sat next to him in class.
He asked if she thought that the class was good.
She gave him a frown and sad that she's in a relationship.
Tommy immediately turned around.
Tommy decided to ask the girl for a date.
The town hosted a dog diving contest.
They set up a large outdoor pool with steps.
Many people came to watch and take pictures.
Each dog took his turn running and jumping into the water.
The dogs attacked the people.
We went on safari and hoped to see the Big 5 that is everyone's goal.
After 10 days, we had seen all but a leopard.
We heard someone saying they had seen leopard babies on today's drive.
We were so disappointed and asked them about it later.
We wanted to miss the leopards.
Albert was a young man who had just gotten CPR certified.
He decided to celebrate by going out to eat.
While at the restaurant, another patron started choking on her food.
Albert rushed to her side and quickly did the Heimlich maneuver.
Albert saved the day.
Sam and John went out to play some ultimate Frisbee one day.
Upon arrival at the field, there was a pickup game of football going.
Sam approached them and asked them to let him and John play as well.
After a few minutes talk, they agreed and everyone played for a bit.
Then they all went home.
Tina is very tired every single morning.
She does not get enough sleep because of her two jobs.
Tina decides to quit one of the jobs.
She now gets enough sleep to function everyday.
Tina is well rested.
Jaris wanted to pick some wildflowers for his vase.
He went to the state park.
He picked many kinds of flowers.
Little did Jaris realize that it was a national park.
Jaris picked flowers from a state park.
My daughter has a list of things to do before she turns 40.
She is only 30.
One thing was to read the Bible cover to cover.
I decided to read the Bible again to support my daughter.
I want my daughter to stop being a Christian.
Micky always wanted to get thinner.
He tried fad diets to no avail.
He started to cut back on his calories and get more exercise.
After 2 months Micky started to see results.
He was very proud of all his hard work.
Amy called Kim.
She wanted to find out why Kim was being rude to her.
Kim was jealous of Amy's boyfriend.
Amy accepted her apology.
Amy told Kim she was a big loser.
Lauren finished her late night shift at the bar feeling tired.
She usually liked taking the bus home from work.
However, tonight she noticed that the moon looked beautiful.
She strolled home happily under the bright moon.
Lauren's husband was glad to see her feeling refreshed.
Noah was playing in his treehouse.
He decided to come down for the day.
But then he saw that his ladder had fallen and lay on the ground!
Noah had no way to get down from the treehouse!
He was so glad.
There was a boy with a paintball gun.
He wasted all of his ammo.
He was in the trenches trying to stay out of sight.
Finally, he sprinted towards the flag.
The boy decided to go swimming.
Celina is very old.
Her hips are always sore.
It is hard for her to walk.
One day, she obtained a walker.
It helped her a lot.
Neil was visiting Limerick in Ireland.
There, he saw a beautiful sight.
He saw the large and lovely River Shannon!
After a few minutes, he agreed with the locals.
The River Shannon was beautiful.
Jay's team had been practicing all week for the big game.
None of the players looked like they knew what they were doing.
Jay's team lost the big game handily.
Jay bought the team pizza for trying so hard.
The team asked Jay if they could have burgers instead.
Rachel really wanted some new make-up.
However, she lacked money to purchase some.
She went to the store and slipped some eyeliner into her purse.
She walked out of the store without anyone catching her.
Rachel went home and put the eyeliner on.
Maxine is tired of always getting so wet when it rains outside.
She considers moving somewhere without rainy but decides against it.
Finally Maxine buys a great new red umbrella.
She loves her new umbrella and she brings it everywhere.
She moves to the desert.
Derek is tired of living at home with his parents.
One day, his friend suggested they move in together.
He told his parents.
That night, they packed his stuff.
Derek was happy to finally be out.
We spent our thirtieth anniversary on the California coast.
It was chilly and foggy and drizzly.
I had plans to spend time on the beach with my water colors.
On our third day we discovered a family of whales near the pier.
I painted a picture of the whales.
Jenny always likes to go to Starbucks.
One day she was ordering her coffee.
As she got to the window to pay, she was told it was already paid for.
The person before her had paid.
Jenny paid for her coffee with cash.
Everybody loved Bob because he played a popular character on film.
Bob hated it because he was nothing like that character.
Jim asked Bob to say his character's catch phrase.
It was too much for Bob and he exploded with rage.
Bob told the man to leave him alone.
Lita wanted to watch her favorite show on television.
Her kids insisted that she sit down to watch it with them.
Lita told them that she had chores to do.
Her kids dragged her laundry basket to the living room.
Lita ordered a pepperoni pizza for lunch.
Liv jumped as she was startled by a loud pop.
She realized it was the light bulb in her kitchen burning out.
She got out a footstool and stepped on to it.
It wobbled under her and she almost fell.
Liv decided to change a light bulb in the bathroom.
Mother told her children it would be lunchtime in fifteen minutes.
But then she got an important phone call.
While she was talking, the dog dragged mud all over the kitchen.
The kids started to pester their mother, who was still on the phone.
The mother felt quite frustrated.
Hector has always bought coffee at a local shop before work.
He realizes that his coffee buying habit is very expensive.
One day Hector decides to brew coffee at home.
He is proud that the coffee he made at home is so good.
Hector kept brewing his own coffee and saved money.
Kelly found out there was a new girl at school.
When she walked into the school she went looking for her.
When she met her, she invited her to sit with her at lunch.
When they ate lunch, the girls became friends.
Kelly never talked to her again.
Tommy trained hard to run his first 5K.
During the race he felt frustrated when so many people passed him.
When he heard his name called during awards he was shocked.
He didn't realize they would do awards by age group.
He was ashamed that he didn't get any recognition.
Laurie is going to her first formal dance tonight.
Her date picked her up and gave her a beautiful rose.
Laurie wore a long sparkling dressed.
They danced and had fun with all of their friends.
Laurie went home crying.
Neil was exploring historic railroads.
He rode into Scranton, Pennsylvania.
He realized it was a beautiful old train depot.
He took lots of photos while he was there.
Neil deleted all of his photos.
Bob dreaded his first day working at a fast food fish joint.
He planned to wait to put on his gaudy nautical uniform.
Bob got to work making fish burgers after donning the uniform.
He was so busy, he forgot to change back into his street clothes
Bob loved the outfit so much that he showed it to his friends.
A friend came to visit.
I told her that my dog bites.
She did not listen.
she tried to pet him and play with him.
My dog bit her.
Lester has always wanted to be more artistic.
He decides to try to draw a picture of a flower one day.
He sits in front of a beautiful orchid and begins to draw.
Lester's drawing comes out very well.
He hangs the picture on the wall in his living room.
Pablo likes to eat worms.
He read a book in school on how to do this.
He fries them in olive oil.
He likes to do this at least once a month.
Pablo enjoys worms and views them as a delicacy.
Kira always loved Japanese culture.
Many of her favorite movies were in Japanese.
She decided that she would travel there.
For Years she saved money for her trip.
She spent all the money on shoes.
Glen was in the mood for a walk.
He put on his jacket and went outside.
While walking on the sidewalk, he tripped and busted his knee open.
Glen stood back up and limped back to his house.
Glen ran his best marathon time ever.
I was walking to the store recently.
As I was passing an exit, I felt cold, hard steel on my arm.
I was shocked that I was being hit by a car!
The driver was very apologetic after he saw I was hit.
I told them it was okay and then walked away.
Gina's sister cut her ankle on broken glass.
The blood ran down her foot and into her shoe.
When she saw the blood she ran home.
Gina ran behind her, but couldn't keep up.
When they got home they all had ice cream.
A little boy was in the third grade.
He was very smart but struggled with reading.
Whenever he read out loud his classmates laughed at him.
He started to practice reading every single day.
The little boy accepted that he would never improve.
Rosie's class was having a little party.
She decided to make a fruit salad for everyone.
She spent lots of money on the fruit and lots of time preparing it.
On the day of the party she scooped a huge bowl of the fruit salad up.
Rosie's class shared the fruit salad.
While I was in college, I had met an older man.
I was 22 and he was 38 years old.
We had a good understanding and had a good time together.
We stayed together the whole time I was there.
I have fond memories of that time.
Jackie has been designated eighth grade hall monitor.
She is envied throughout the class.
Classmates often put her job in jeopardy.
They would steal Jackie's hall passes.
The principal suspended her rowdy classmates.
My dad had just gotten a new car.
To celebrate we all went for a drive.
Another car ran a stop sign and crashed into us.
I smacked the window hard enough to break it.
I climbed out and me and my dad were ok.
Iva and Brant were trying to conceive a child.
They had been trying for six months with no success.
At their doctor's appointment, they expressed discouragement.
But then they saw the doctor smiling broadly.
Brant will cancel his plans to kidnap a child.
Catherine has always been intrigued by the sport of Curling.
Catherine loves watching the athletes play the sport on television.
One day, Catherine decided she would visit a Curling practice session.
At the practice, one of the athletes invited Catherine to play.
Catherine then began to practice every day and got good at it.
Francis has always looked forward to learning how to drive.
Finally he is old enough for a driver's license.
Francis studies very hard to get a license.
He passes his driver's test easily.
Francis is really proud of his accomplishment.
Yesterday I had a great time seeing The Nutcracker.
I absolutely loved it.
As the dancers graced the stage it was beautiful.
I felt honored to have seen the show.
I vowed never to see it again.
I woke up for my class at 8:30 in the morning.
I drowsily got out of bed and took a shower.
I quickly ate breakfast and began to walk to class.
After 50 minutes of class, I began to walk back to my dorm.
I decided to go back to class again.
Gary wanted to get Lisa's attention.
One day he decides to write Lisa a Poem.
The next day at school, Gary sees Lisa in the hallway.
Gary gives Lisa a really big smile and hands her the poem.
Gary slaps Lisa hard, and walks away.
Lars had always wanted to try photography.
His friend was an excellent photographer, but he had never tried.
One day he bought a simple, but high quality, camera.
From that day on, Lars shot images of nature every day.
Lars fell in love with photography.
I bought a television from an electronics store.
It is a big flatscreen with a  high definition quality picture.
The employee convinced me to buy a warranty for it just in case.
A week later the television fell off my wall and broke.
I was able to have it fixed with the warranty.
Ryan was at a park.
And he saw a little girl holding a balloon.
As he was leaving the park, he saw the same balloon stuck in a tree.
He climbed the tree to retrieve the balloon.
Ryan then popped the balloon on purpose.
Neil was touring the city of Fez.
He tasted their ethnic cuisine.
Then he went shopping for souvenirs.
Fez had great street performers as well, he noted.
Neil had a great time.
It was a bright, warm day.
So Joe thought it would be nice to take a walk.
He decided to walk to his local coffee shop.
But halfway there, he started getting tired.
So he ran to the coffee shop.
Jen was waiting for a package all day.
Finally she saw the UPS man walking up to the door.
He delivered the package and she brought it inside.
She opened the package with a knife.
In the box was a newborn baby.
Frank did not want to do his homework.
He wanted to play video games instead.
Frank's parents told him to do his homework first.
Frank threw a tantrum and got punished.
Frank lost his video games for a week.
Timmy was competing in the 3 point competition at his school.
The winner would have a chance to win a $1000 college scholarship.
Timmy practiced shooting 3 pointers all weekend.
He was ready when the day of the competition arrived.
Timmy won the competition.
Drake attended a party on Friday.
He discovered that his wallet had been stolen from his coat.
Drake immediately called the police, but the wallet was not found.
Drake confronted the host of the party about the issue.
And the host told him that he didn't know either.
Bob discovered his truck had a flat tire.
He had never changed a tire before.
He got out the tire jack and iron.
He couldn't remove the bolts.
Bob called someone to fix his flat tire.
Jack is tired of writing emails on his tablet computer.
He decides he needs to invest in a laptop.
He researches different laptops until he has found the perfect one.
Finally he buys it.
Now Jack actually enjoys replying to emails.
Jake's hair was getting a bit too long.
He had a job interview coming up.
He asked his mother to cut his hair.
His mother gave him a nicely cut professional looking haircut.
Jake washed his hands.
Sean came over today.
Sam, Sean, and I played games.
They started to get mad at me about how bad I was.
They said I couldn't play anymore until I got better.
I was really hurt.
Chuck was tired from working.
He closed his work for a while.
He opened up the forum to chat with coworkers.
After those nasty Zoltar hits he needed this break.
Chuck decided to quit his job.
Bob used plastic grocery bags to go shopping.
Then, his friend told him that plastic is bad for the environment.
Bob decided to forego his plastic bags.
Bob invested in some reuseable grocery bags.
Bob used his reusable grocery bags to go shopping.
Joe needed to get a portrait of himself for a project.
He called up some local artists and asked their rates.
One of the artists had reasonable rates.
Joe made an appointment with that artist to do the portrait.
Joe was very satisfied with the results.
Jen got sent to her aunt's for the summer.
She hated the thought of being away from her local library all summer.
She took a few books with her but she would go through those quickly.
When she arrived her aunt took her into a special room in her home.
Jen saw her books burning in the fireplace.
Joe loved to eat dirt.
He would make mud pies every chance he got.
He was eating a pie when he felt something very hard in his mouth.
Joe had bitten down on a rock and knocked out his tooth.
Joe wanted to chew more rocks.
Rob has never been on a rollercoaster.
Rob's friends offered him a free ticket to six flags.
Rob decided he may as well join.
They all went and waited a long line.
Rob had generous friends.
Carly was waiting for Sam to call her.
He promised to on Friday.
It was now late Saturday and she hadn't heard anything.
Finally she decided to call him.
Sam answered the phone.
Amy came home from school on her birthday to an empty house.
She was upset that everyone had forgotten her special day.
She walked sadly into the living room.
Suddenly, her friends and family jumped out from their hiding spots.
Amy grinned with delight.
Pan tried to hit me for no apparent reason.
As mad I was, I simply defended her punch.
She continued to throw her fist at me.
In efforts to stop her, I threw her on the ground.
Pan finally stopped.
Pam and Tom's baby was a light sleeper.
Their thoughtless neighbor often left his dog outside barking all day.
Every time Pam got her baby to sleep, the dog started barking.
Pam fantasized about unleashing the dog so it would run away.
One night, Pam let her cats inside her home.
May was accepted to college in Fredonia.
She took the bus to her new school.
She explored the campus.
She loved everything she saw.
She dropped out of school.
Mary needed to have teeth pulled.
She wanted the dentist to put her to sleep.
All he could do was numb the area with Novocaine.
Mary stared at him in horror.
After seeing her expression, the dentist was able help Mary.
Ford was proud of his high GPA.
He worked every evening on assignments in order to improve it.
Ford's friends warned him that he was missing out on fun.
Later in life, Ford became a successful lawyer.
Ford was sad that he achieved so much.
My wife says I lack passion.
That I don't have many hobbies or interests.
I tried to argue but couldn't.
I realized she was right.
I decided to change.
Nina wanted a nice Halloween costume.
But she could not afford anything fancy.
She looked through her house for ideas.
Then she found a great costume for free.
Nina bought a toy.
It was a beautiful spring day in early March.
Tracey decided to go for a walk in the woods behind her house.
She was heard a woodpecker and began looking for it in the trees.
She tripped over a root and fell on the path.
Tracey ran back home.
Jim was waiting at the airport.
His wife would be there in an hour.
He was very bored.
He then decided to catch up on his book.
Jim saw his wife after an hour.
Joe really wanted to attend Columbia University.
He worked really hard in school, was on the soccer team.
He got put on the waiting list.
Although he was disappointed, he tried his best to the very end.
Joe was still very proud of his hard work.
Gina's friend Tami had a folder she didn't want anyone else to have.
Gina wanted one but didn't know where to buy one.
Now Tami had a new Lisa Frank Trapper Keeper.
Gina was jealous since she wanted one too.
Gina checked on ebay and found one she could afford.
Leah had a beautiful Christmas tree in her house.
One day, she left to go to the store.
When she returned, the tree was knocked over.
Her cat had climbed it and pulled it down!
Leah decided she liked the tree on the floor better than standing.
Peter had used the same chair for Years.
It was becoming worn out.
He decided to buy a new, more comfortable chair.
When it arrived Peter was very happy.
Peter thought it might even be more comfortable than the old one.
The football team had worked hard all season.
They had won every game and made it to the championship.
There were only seconds left on the clock and the game was tied.
The quarterback through a long pass and the receiver scored.
The crowd booed the team loudly.
We live in a high rise building.
One day the wind was strong, partly due to the height of the building.
The wind blew the tree branches so much my wife could not sleep.
The wind also knocked down the internet cable.
My wife and I were very unhappy to lose our internet connection.
Kate wanted to buy a new keyboard for her computer.
She saved up for months to afford a good keyboard.
Kate finally went online and ordered her keyboard!
She waited excitedly for days for its arrival.
Then she cancelled her order.
Amy's family was going to Six Flags.
She sat patiently in the car waiting to arrive.
When the arrived she sat on her knees surveying the park.
She waited in line for an hour to ride the largest roller coaster.
Amy was really excited to be at the park.
Bob needed money to buy food.
He was sad that he couldn't eat because he had no money.
He decided to write a book about his hard life.
People immediately praised the book and bought thousands of copies!
The profits from the book sales gave Bob enough money to eat.
I just completed my first marathon today.
It was about six miles and I worked real hard.
I trained for it for about three months.
It's always been on my to do list in life
I've never been happier.
Sam was stargazing one night.
Suddenly he sat bolt upright.
He saw a twinkling, moving star!
He ran to show it to his dad.
His dad laughed because the star was really a jet with lights.
John and Meg had dated for five Year's.
John loved Meg, and wanted to marry her.
He decided to ask her to marry him tonight, after a movie date.
When they walked out of the movies, he suddenly dropped to his knees.
He started screaming obscenities at Meg.
A beautiful bunch of bananas dangled just out of reach.
Bobby tried throwing his shoe, but it got stuck.
He tried climbing the tree, but he fell.
Next, he whacked furiously with a hoe, but it was too short to reach.
Bobby was upset that he got the bananas.
Beth was recovering from an illness.
She was finally able to eat food after 4 days.
Although she was better she wasn't well.
She decided to take Friday off from school and take time to heal.
Beth needed to rest.
Rhonda bought some new pink socks to wear.
She loved them.
When she took them off, though, they got mixed in with other laundry.
On laundry day she washed her clothes without sorting them.
Rhonda then decided to eat lunch and return emails.
The sea was frightening during a storm.
Marcus hated the way the boat rose up and crashed down.
It made him sick to his stomach.
He cowered in his cabin and shut his eyes but it didn't help.
Marcus was so thrilled that he started dancing.
Yesterday, Anna decided to take a nap.
She got comfortable in her chair and closed her eyes.
Just as she fell asleep, her daughter's puppy jumped into her lap!
She was very surprised.
She cuddled with the adorable puppy, happy to see it.
Chuck loves this bar by his house.
He goes there all the time with friends.
He was on his way there one day and noticed it was closed.
It had been put out of business.
Chuck was upset.
John was driving to the store when he realized he forgot his wallet.
His driver's license was in the wallet.
Police lights started flashing behind him.
After pulling over he told the officer he forgot his wallet at home.
John then proceeded to assault the officer.
Tom enjoyed puzzles growing up.
He was not just outside of the escape room adventure.
He calmed his breathing and readied himself mentally.
Thirty minutes later, he exited the escape room in record time.
He felt pride in his accomplishment.
A small snowstorm came through a town.
The school roof buckled under the weight.
A janitor climbed on top to inspect.
The roof shook under the new weight.
The roof was completely fine.
My birthday was yesterday.
To my surprise my friends planned a party for me.
I could not believe it.
The party was very fun.
I hated my birthday.
My mother threw out her old dictionary.
I retrieved it from the trash.
Sitting with it, I found myself smelling it.
It reminded me of the scent of an old library.
It was gross.
Our parents took us to Paragon Park in 1963.
We took a ferry from Rowes Wharf in Boston.
We rode the carousel, the whip, and the caterpillar.
We played skeeball.
We have many fond memories of this childhood trip.
My favorite movie is the Wizard of Oz.
I used to think it was real when I was young.
Whenever I watched it, I felt immersed in the movie.
The characters took me away into the Land of Oz.
One day, I decided to buy the movie.
Mary Ann went for a walk on a trail at the park.
She passed people with children and animals.
She passed people jogging and riding bikes.
She saw a lot of plants.
Mary Ann got a rash from one of them because it was poison ivy.
One day, a dog moved into a family that had two cats.
One cat didn't mind the new dog, but the other cat was scared.
He meowed loudly and scratched the dog's nose.
He leaped from one side of the room to the other to escape the dog.
He cuddled up to the dog.
My favorite animal is the Arabian Oryx.
I can't usually see them because it's an African antelope.
I have to go to zoos.
My family bought me a nice present for my birthday this year.
They gave me a big illustrated book on African animals.
Everyday, I nag my daughter to do her homework.
I finally decided that it is her own responsibility.
Sure enough, she didn't do it one evening.
I sent her to bed anyway, knowing she would get in trouble at school.
She ended up making a bad grade on the assignment.
A young boy wanted to pitch for his baseball team.
He practiced a lot with his brothers.
At practice his coach let him try out as pitcher.
The boy did not do well.
The young boy went home disappointed.
Sue woke up in the middle of the night to an awful smell.
She could not figure out what it was.
She looked around the room.
Then she noticed saw it.
Sarah began to watch tv.
Mark notices that his teeth are beginning to hurt one day.
He decides to visit his dentist to see what is the matter.
The dentist tells Mark that he needs to have his wisdom teeth removed.
Mark agrees to have the surgery done.
Mark hoped the procedure would stop his dental pain.
Lulu had just moved into her new home.
She had a dishwasher for the first time.
She decided to run a load of dishes that night.
In the compartment, she poured some dish soap.
Lulu turned off the dishwasher.
Farmer Bill called out the the cows in the field.
The came running in for their food.
Bill poured out some grains for the cows in big bins.
The cows happily ate their dinner.
Bill was proud of his work.
Terry left the hospital frustrated and disheartened.
He had trouble opening his car door with a broken thumb.
At home, he asked his sister to loan him money for surgery.
She agreed on the condition that he get a job with insurance.
He agreed,
Mary has worked at a car dealership for two Year's without selling.
Her boss tells her that she needs to sell a car soon.
One day a couple comes into the dealership and asks to see a car.
Mary sells them a very big, expensive car.
Mary's boss is happy with her sale.
Brie and her cat moved in with her boyfriend and his cat.
The two cats hated each other.
They spent most of their hissing each other.
One night, six months later, the cats decided to cuddle.
Brie was glad they had become friends.
Tim needed a new kitchen floor.
His was old and cracked.
So he went shopping for new tiles.
He found great tiles and brought them home.
He installed a beautiful new kitchen floor for his home.
Dave decided one day he wanted to go see a nickelback show.
He ordered a few tickets.
He then invited some of his friends.
They all went to the show, and had a good time
Dave checks the internet for more concerts the he will like.
There is a cemetery with 199 grave stones.
12 men brought a casket.
12 men put the casket in the ground.
Men and women wept together.
They rejoiced at the sight.
Joe felt confident going into his boxing match.
He dominated the first four rounds.
He got hit with a left hook that cut his eye in the fifth.
The last seven rounds were a back and forth affair.
Joe eventually won the fight.
The nastiest thing happened to Jimmy.
He picked up a bag of potato chips from his bedroom floor.
On his way out the door, he ate some chips.
Outside, his friend said, why are there ants crawling on your bag?
Jimmy felt sick to his stomach.
My son participated in a cub scout toy car derby.
Father and son teams designed small matchbox cars.
Some teams designed fancy cars.
We designed a simple car, which actually won the derby.
My son and I did not do well.
Brian tried out for the hockey team this year.
Unfortunately he did not make the team.
The coach said that he needed to be faster on skates.
Brian spent all winter working on his speed skating.
He eventually made the team.
Harry really wanted to see the new Star Wars movie.
He waited in line at the box office on opening day.
He was able to buy a ticket for himself.
He watched the entire movie.
Harry was glad he saw the movie with his friends.
Mark was starting a new job the next day.
He was nervous about being around so many strangers.
He barely slept any the night before due to anxiety.
When he entered the building he was greeted warmly by many people.
He was fired that same day, and walked out of the building.
Ellen had a baby daughter who slept in a crib in her own room.
One morning Ellen did not hear her baby fussing, so she went to check.
Her daughter was not moving or breathing!
Ellen called the police in a terrible panic.
Ellen was horribly afraid.
Pearl collected CDs with ugly cover art.
She prized a jazz CD with two dolphins photoshopped together.
Her sister stole the CD while angry with her.
Pearl's heart sank and she implored her sister to return it.
Pearl's sister hoped to please her.
Anna went to the beach.
The tide drew out, and she saw a tide pool.
She went to inspect it, and she was amazed at all the life in it.
There were fish, sea urchins, starfish - it was incredible!
Anna watched the sea life and thought about the wonder of nature.
Brianna complained bitterly when her family went camping.
It would ruin her hair and nails and there was no tv.
However, she forgot these things when she tasted her first S'MORE.
Munching her treat, she gazed at the huge, starry sky in awe.
Brianna hated s'mores.
Shay was hiking in the woods.
Then she realized she was lost!
She tried not to panic.
She retraced her steps until she found her way back to camp.
Shay was finally found weeks later in the woods.
Simon got food poisoning.
He thought back on all the restaurants he's recently visited.
He called his friends who ate with him on these occasions.
One of his friends informed him he was also sick with food poisoning.
They figured out which restaurant it was.
Arnold was scared of birds.
One day he was at a picnic.
A bird was flying in the distance.
It landed on his food.
Arnold was calm and happy to the see the bird.
Kip was disappointed there wasn't any snow.
He whined to his parents that it just wasn't Christmas without it.
They told him to go to bed.
Kip stomped his way to his room and eventually fell asleep.
To cheer him up Kip's parents took him to Florida.
Benson was bullied at school by another boy.
Benson began losing sleep about it.
He finally told his teachers at school about it.
The teachers approached the bully about the problem.
They praised him.
Karen had gone away for school, leaving behind her partner Sam.
Sam was missing Karen, but he had a plan to fix that.
On a long weekend, Sam took the train upstate to go visit Karen.
Karen who was missing Sam, had a plan to fix it as well.
She traveled home to see Sam, and they missed each other!
Joey was camping with his friends.
He wanted to start a fire to roast marshmallows.
He found some sticks and logs in the woods.
He used a match to light the logs.
Joey hated camping.
Diana cleans offices buildings for a living.
She washes toilets and scrubs floors.
On Friday she was really sick and nauseous at work.
She couldn't take the day off.
She ate a huge lunch.
Jason's best friend is getting married in India next year.
Jason decides that he wants to learn Hindi before the wedding.
He hires a tutor and practices speaking Hindi every day.
When the wedding day arrives, Jason is fluent in Hindi!
Everyone was impressed that Jason had become bilingual.
Todd and Ashley were dating.
Todd got irritated with Ashley.
He gave her the silent treatment.
Ashley got upset.
She was mad because Todd wouldn't stop talking.
My friends and I got invited to a party at college.
We got all dressed up for the exciting event.
We were all so excited to have fun!
At the party, we danced the whole time.
We hate parties.
Kelly and her friends decided to have a baking party.
The girls decided to bake some cookies.
They baked chocolate and oatmeal cookies.
After they were done they wrapped them in bags.
They handed them around to all the neighbors.
It was a very cold day.
The snow was coming down very hard for many hours.
The people of Lansing were stuck in their homes without power.
The storm brought three feet of snow to the city.
School stayed open longer than usual.
Larry was playing golf with his father.
Larry was feeling really energetic from his coffee earlier.
He hit the ball as hard as he could on his first swing.
Larry got a hole in one!
Larry was mad about his score.
Candy woke up excited because it was her birthday.
But the whole day went by and no one gave her any gifts.
She began to feel depressed and thought everyone had forgotten.
Later, she got hungry and headed for the kitchen, but stopped.
She didn't want to binge eat out of depression.
Recently, I became very unhappy with my job.
I decided to look around for a new one so I would be happy.
I applied to many different places.
One place called me back and I went for an interview.
I decided to go for a run.
Lindsey really wanted a new pair of shoes.
The shoes were very expensive.
She decided to save up her money.
After several weeks, she could get the shoes.
She spent the money on going out to eat.
Ora had been dared not to shower in order to join a sorority.
She couldn't imagine going without clean water for a week!
Then she thought of a loophole.
They hadn't said Ora couldn't take a bath!
Ora took a bath.
On Allison's 25th birthday her family took her to bingo.
She had never played before and was nervous.
After they showed her how to play she was excited to begin.
On the fourth game she got a bingo.
Allison plans to pay bingo again in the future.
Nya wanted to see the parade downtown.
She caught three buses.
Then she took the subway.
She made it downtown just in time.
Nya missed the parade altogether.
Tom bought a new plant.
He kept it by his bed.
The plant stopped growing.
His mother said it needed sunlight.
So Tom moved the plant to a window.
Yu Darvish is a pitcher for the Texas Rangers.
For the last two seasons he has been injured.
According to reports, he is finally healthy and able to play.
Ranger fans are hopeful he will be a leader for their pitchers.
Ranger fans want him to go away.
Avery received a homework assignment due in two weeks.
She immediately read through the task.
She made a schedule and broke it up into tasks for each day.
She completed the tasks on their scheduled day.
Avery dropped out of school.
Chester decides to go to the mall one afternoon.
He does not intend on buying anything, but just wants to walk around.
However, he sees a very nice shirt on sale.
Chester buys the shirt because the price is so good.
Chester immediately threw out the shirt he bought.
Gina realized she needed to get to work on her report.
She had wasted the whole day and only had one left to complete it.
She sat down and began to work.
Her mother wanted her to wash the dishes.
Gina wished she hadn't wasted her day.
Tuesdays are laundry days at my apartment.
We have been too busy the last couple of Tuesdays.
Now we have almost no clean clothes left.
I'm dressed foolishly and still smell bad.
All my clothes smell great.
It was a beautiful summer day outside.
Bob decided to go for a walk at the park.
Bob walked along the path and admired the scenery.
He found a twenty dollar bill on the ground.
He was happy.
Meghan and Scott wanted to see their favorite band play in a concert.
Tickets went on sale online and the server was very busy.
Meghan and Scott were trying hard to buy tickets.
Just when the concert was almost sold out, Meghan found two tickets.
They were so relieved.
John had just graduated high school, and was about to go to college.
His mom helped him pack all his stuff, and he drove away.
When he got there, he went to check out his dorm.
His new roommate was there, and they hit it off.
They walked around campus and got invited to a party.
Jackie had been a long distance runner for many Year's.
Despite her very full iPod, she became bored with music.
One of her running friends recommended an audible book.
She loaded a new release to her iPod.
She listened to a book while she ran.
Ari's friends dared her to spend the night in the local haunted house.
Ari tentatively agreed.
She climbed in through the house's window.
Then she snuggled up with her blanket in the corner.
She lasted the whole night.
Sam drove around with his high beams on.
One of his headlights was out and he thought it was safer.
He was pulled over last night.
The cop gave him a ticket and told him to fix it.
Sam had no car.
Jan was tired of winter and cold weather.
She saw a commercial advertising a car that would be great for a trip.
She bought the car and planned the trip on a map.
She drove all over the state of Florida.
Winter is the season that sees the most skiers.
Neil had just arrived in Iran.
He was enthralled with the cities and countryside.
He thought the mountains were so beautiful.
The language and people were wonderful too.
He was happy to be in Iran.
Andrew had been single for many Year's.
While he wanted a girlfriend he did not know how to approach anyone.
Finally a friend introduced Andrew to a nice young lady.
Andrew asked her out on a date.
The girl said yes to Andrew.
Amy was running late for her flight.
She hurried through airport security.
She could hear her name over the speaker near her gate.
She ran top speed and greeted annoyed stewardess.
Amy then left the airplane and drove home.
Paul felt brave so he tried to join the Army.
The Army said he was too weak to join.
Paul was undeterred so he then tried to join the Navy.
The Navy refused him because Paul couldn't swim.
Paul was very frustrated.
The cat chased the mouse across the empty warehouse.
Running in fear, the rodent moved as fast as it could.
The larger feline stayed close behind.
It was terrified.
The mouse got away.
Neil flew into Russia.
There, he visited tourist sites and saw friendly locals.
He found that Russia was colorful and vibrant.
It also had a great and rich history.
Neil found the trip stimulating.
Mary makes candles.
She enjoys this as a hobby.
Mary took one to her friend as a gift.
Everyone loved the candles and asked to buy one.
Mary was very happy.
It was summer and Gina and her sister were bored.
They decided to watch music videos.
There was the music video channel or the black entertainment channel.
They chose to watch the black entertainment channel.
Gina and her sister had a great time together.
I was really excited I was going to the beach.
I made sure to pack everything up in my car.
I drove there and put on my swim trunks.
When I came out of the dressing room, it started to rain.
I went to swim and enjoy the sunshine.
Arnold was scared of cats.
He thinks all of them are creepy.
One day he visited his girlfriend's house.
His girlfriend has a cat.
Arnold loved his girlfriend's cats.
Leah is a full time college student who wants a part time job.
Leah searches craigslist and finds an entry level position.
Leah applies and the next day get a call for an interview.
Leah goes to the interview and does really well.
Leah gets fired.
Bob was driving from Texas to Florida.
He refused to stop at hotels for a break.
After fifteen hours of driving, he was tired.
He began to fall asleep.
Bob felt very energized.
I got my concert tickets.
I drove to Chicago.
I could not believe I was seeing a Beatle.
I was 30 rows from the front of the stage.
I cheered when the Beatle came under the spotlight.
It was summer.
And Jeff's room was very hot.
He saw dark blinds advertised to block heat.
And he thought it would make a noticeable difference.
Joe liked how the blinds let in the warmth and light.
Joey's uncle showed him a marble.
He teased Joey and said it was his glass eye.
Later, Joey played marbles with friends.
One boy said his marble was a cat's eye.
Joey knew everybody was just teasing him.
Jeffries's remote ran out of batteries.
It stopped working completely.
He needed to replace them.
So he went to the store to buy some more.
He made sure to buy rechargeable batteries this time.
I've always wanted to be able to bike thirty miles at one time.
Right now I can only bike about twenty miles at once.
I got myself a biking trainer who helped me make progress.
I worked hard for a few months and ate all the right foods.
Now I can bike 30 miles.
My family has always loved camping, me not so much.
The summer I was 19 was the last time I camped.
First our car broke down and we were stranded in the heat for hours.
I burned my hand cooking dinner, fell in the lake and eaten by bugs.
That was the best trip of my life.
My professor assigned my class an essay.
By the time I left the classroom, I had forgotten about it.
A few days later, my classmate messaged me to ask if I had done it.
I was so upset because I had totally forgotten!
I was worried about my grade.
Sally believes her boss is trying to fire her.
She stays late to make sure her work is correct.
Sally is still on edge.
She decides to set up a meeting with her boss.
Sally hopes to lose her job.
We decided we would learn to make candy.
We checked out a book on the subject and read up.
Then, we set to work trying.
We realized greatly overestimated how hard it was to make candy.
We found we made a mess in the kitchen.
Will was very wild in kindergarten, and did not listen to his teacher.
His father was very upset with him.
He pointed to the school janitor, and told Will that was his future.
Will did not want to clean up the school bathrooms.
Will started to listen to his teacher.
Emily was very nervous to get her shots at the doctor's office.
She hid under the table and cried.
When the nurse gave her the shot, Emily reached out and hit her.
Both Emily and the nurse were surprised and in pain.
Emily was reprimanded by her parents.
My friends and I were playing outside.
We wanted to play a new game.
We decided to play street hockey since we weren't familiar with it.
We went outside and got out gear.
We enthusiastically played the game till it got dark.
One day, my computer mouse stopped working.
I went to the store to buy a new one.
Every mouse I found was too expensive.
I went home and decided to try and fix my mouse.
I was successful.
Samantha was driving to class.
She noticed that she forgot her textbook at home.
She drove back home in order to get it.
She arrived in class 25 minutes late.
She was the first person to arrive.
It was my first time skiing and I was not doing well.
I skied directly in the path of another skier.
We collided and both fell to the ground.
The other skier told me his name was Jack and it was nice to meet me.
I thought Jack was very polite.
Gabe needed a desk in his room.
But he didn't have a lot of money.
He found plywood in his garage.
So he made a desk out of it.
Gabe decided to purchase a desk for his room.
Jerry wanted to start a new career.
He searched the classified ads for job postings.
He found a desirable posting in one of the ads.
He emailed his resume to the recruiter.
Jerry decided later it was easier to collect unemployment.
Emile wanted to be a great chef.
He took lessons and worked hard learning how to cook.
He practiced his cooking and served food for friends.
His friends loved his cooking and encouraged him.
Emile eventually got a job as a chef.
Emily woke up early to get ready for school last Monday.
Before she got dressed, she checked to see if school was canceled.
It had snowed so much that school was cancelled.
Emily was happy and decided to stay inside and read on her day off.
She caught hypothermia.
Harry secretly hated haunted houses, but couldn't let his friend down.
Faking a brave face, the went forth into the darkened house.
He managed to make it all way through without screaming out loud.
At the very end, they fell through a trick floor into a bunch of goo.
Harry wished he wouldn't have went.
Bobby wanted to be a wrestler.
He took wrestling in high school.
Then he joined a team in college.
Soon he was wrestling professionally.
He no longer had any interest in wrestling.
Joan decided to treat herself to a fancy sushi dinner.
But the food was bad and the waiter was even worse!
She asked for the manager but he never bothered to come.
Although it was unlike her, Joan got so mad she left without paying.
Joan felt bad about the dinner but glad she was assertive.
Jesse had always wanted to get a tattoo.
Her parents were very against the idea of tattoos.
One her 18th birthday she decided to get one.
She got a small tiara tattoo on her shoulder.
Jesse's parents were upset with her.
Juliette wanted to be a scientist when she grew up.
She decided she must perform an experiment.
She emptied a box of baking soda into a pan.
Then she poured in vinegar.
Juliette built a volcano.
Jaclyn came over to hang out with Robs girlfriend.
Jaclyn and Rob do not get along.
Rob tried very nice to keep the peace and be nice.
Jaclyn kept saying very snide comments and remarks
Rob finally left to hang out with his friends.
Sharon and her sister drove to the grocery store to pick up eggs.
They were going to have dinner guests and were baking a cake.
On the way into the house Sharon tripped and fell.
The eggs flew out of her hands and landed on the concrete.
All of the eggs landed safely.
Ella went out sledding one afternoon.
She had fun at first.
Then she slipped off the sled.
She cut her forehead on a rock in the ground.
Ella had to be taken to the doctor.
Bobby was a star football player at his school.
He would always get recognition for his talent.
One day he was in a very important game.
His arm was hurt in the process.
Bobby passed the football for hours after the game.
Susan went to the movie theater with her friends.
Susan used her cell phone in the theater to check her e-mail.
An usher came and asked Susan to leave the theater.
Susan had to wait in the lobby while her friends finished the movie.
Susan was upset with the whole ordeal.
Margie had a Christmas cactus.
It never bloomed.
She gave the plant to Desi.
Desi took good care of the plant.
The cactus flourished under his care.
Gina had been at the park with her friend Pam for hours.
Now the sun was setting.
She said her goodbyes and headed home.
When she arrived it was dark out.
Gina went straight to bed.
Avery was very excited.
Tonight was his very first basketball game.
He had practiced and his parents came to watch him.
Avery played well with his teammates and even scored some points!
Avery's parents were proud.
Gary loved to garden.
Spring was quickly approaching and he wanted to start planting.
He checked the Almanac to see which plants were safe for the garden.
Tom decided to plant some orchids.
The orchids would be ugly.
Bay was nervous.
Her boyfriend had been acting weird all through dinner.
Bay thought he was going to dump her.
But then he got on one knee.
And asked her to marry him.
Tommy was having a bad day.
His friends tried to cheer him up by taking him out.
He grumbled but went along.
He drank and danced with his friends all night.
Tommy had good friends.
Ariel is our 5 month old baby.
She had woke up the other morning extremely fussy.
We couldn't figure out what was wrong at first.
We then seen a fresh tooth popping through her gum line.
We went to a dentist who pulled the tooth.
Amelia decided to take a vacation to Mexico.
She booked her flight and hotel.
When she got to Mexico, she was sure to visit many different things.
She loved every moment of it.
Amelia decided to never go back to Mexico.
Sometimes my kids wondered if Santa Claus was real.
Each year we left cookies and milk for him on Christmas Eve.
Each Christmas day we found an empty cup and cookie crumbs.
One year we found cookie pieces outside in the snow.
We told the kids that Santa must have share with the reindeer.
Amy woke up extra hungry today.
Unfortunately, she also woke up very late.
She rushed around the house and had no time for breakfast.
When she made it to work, she realized her coworker brought breakfast!
She was so grateful and promised to pay her coworker back.
The school received a grant to make a computer lab.
Their IT department did a lot of research to find the best equipment.
They bought the equipment with the grant money.
The computer lab was a great success.
The government continued to fund computer labs.
Officer Dunn didn't want to hurt anyone during the protest.
He told several people to leave but they didn't.
He unleashed his police dog.
The dog bit a mother and her baby.
The baby even pet the dog right afterwards.
I drove my motorcycle across the street.
I took a path that led to a riding track.
I did a few laps.
Bored, I drove back home.
I cleaned my motorcycle after I got home.
Ryan was called by his friend to skip work one day.
He missed his train to work and instead went to the park.
Ryan and his friend played with birds at the park all day.
At the end of the day, they left the park and saw Ryan's boss.
Ryan got fired.
A man drove for many hours on the highway.
He saw a sign for a rest stop two miles away.
He put his car in the right lane in anticipation.
He took the exit for the rest stop.
The man stopped at the rest stop and got out of the car.
Josiah was a baby who was trying to crawl for the first time.
To help him, his mother put out an exciting toy that jingled.
As she made the toy rattle, Josiah became very interested.
He started groping the ground and inching towards his mom.
Josiah crawled to his mother and took the toy.
I wanted a pet for my birthday.
I wasn't sure what to get, I already had dogs.
I was looking around on facebook and saw a mini pig.
I went to pick her up.
I brought a dog home since I have so many dogs already.
Sam wanted to be a singer.
So he joined a singing class at his college.
The first day of class, everyone was required to sing a song.
Sam was very embarrassed the first day.
All his classmates were very supportive though.
Growing up, Matt was never the most confident guy.
He always had a big crush on his neighbor Lexy, but was scared.
However, when prom was approaching, he decided to finally make a move.
Matt asked Lexi to be his date, and she immediately said yes.
Matt and Lexi had a great time at prom.
Shyanne had a spelling test.
She wanted to pass it.
She studied hard.
She made a 100.
She was heartbroken.
John wanted pizza, but he was broke.
Then he remembered he had won a free pizza last week!
He called the pizza place and gave them his code.
They sent him his free pizza an hour later.
John had carrots instead.
We tried to stay up late last night.
We drank coffee.
We ate chocolate.
We even ran laps around the couch.
Then we collapsed on the couch and slept past noon.
Ally had been saving her spare coins in a jar for Years.
She wanted a new cell phone but she didn't have enough money.
She thought she'd count the change in her change jar.
To her surprise, there was over $300 in the jar.
Ally used the three hundred dollars to buy clothes.
Mark went to the mall.
He saw a pair of headphones that he wanted but couldn't afford.
He decided to steal the headphones.
Mark was then caught by someone working.
The worker thanked Mark for his patronage.
My friends got me a jigsaw puzzle for christmas.
I haven't opened it yet.
I always keep planning to but something keeps coming up.
Like right now talking with you.
I can't wait to to start the paint-by-numbers set!
Rex hasn't cleaned his room in Year's.
Since he rarely has visitors, he doesn't see the point to cleaning.
However, one day he decides to tidy up.
Rex vacuums the floor and makes his bed.
Rex loves cleaning the bathroom.
I was afraid of the exam tomorrow.
Since the exam is tough, I decided to study all night.
I decided to skip dinner just to have extra time.
Ultimately, I was prepared on the exam day.
I aced my exam.
I woke up and looked in my closet for a shirt.
Everything was dirty and on the floor.
I picked up a shirt to see if it smelled bad.
I found a blue shirt that didn't stink.
I washed the blue shirt.
JJ played all day long.
When evening came, he was tired.
He nearly fell asleep in his bath, and his mother said it was bedtime.
His mother put him in pajamas, took him to his bed, and sang to him.
He fell asleep.
Todd has a huge test tomorrow.
He has not studied at all.
It counts for 50 percent of his grade.
Todd is not sure what to do.
Todd is proud of himself.
Maggie needed a new friend.
She was tired of spending time alone.
Finally she met a friend at book club.
The girls spent everyday together.
Maggie was happy to have a new companion.
My roommate got a new job at the place I go to school.
We decided to ride to work together.
We got in the car and headed out together.
The ride seemed much shorter with someone to talk to.
I did not have anyone to talk to though.
Brittany loved playing video games online.
However, people harassed her when they fought out her gender.
Brittany almost quit gaming but found a girl gaming group on facebook.
After joining she began playing with the girls she met online.
Eventually, she hated all men.
Bobby had never been to a carnival before.
His friend Sam invited him to go with his family.
There was so much to see and do!
Bobby's favorite activity was riding on the ferris wheel.
Bobby was bored.
Al and Val were very close twins.
They dressed alike, talked alike and were together 24/7.
One day, Val was diagnosed with terminal cancer.
She soon died, and Al was completely devastated.
Al and Val went out to eat.
I've gotten three speeding tickets in my life.
All three of them when I was a teenager.
I'm surprised I didn't loose my license.
It costs me a lot of money to get them all off my record.
I wish I had gotten more tickets.
David has always dreamed of visiting Oregon.
Although he doesn't have much money, he starts saving a little.
Finally David has enough money for his big trip to Oregon.
On his trip, he eats local food and sees amazing sights.
David learns to play piano.
The high school student went to the dentist.
She was told she needed braces again.
She was not happy.
She got braces and was in a lot of pain.
But it was worth it when she saw her straightened teeth.
Jayne visited Alden, New york.
Her uncle owned a farm there.
She helped care for the animals.
Then she helped harvest the veggies from the garden.
Jayne ate a delicious meal from the fruits of her labor.
Amy was driving to school when her car stopped.
She called her dad.
He came and informed her the fuel pump was out.
They called a tow truck to tow the car home.
Amy then drove to school.
Rod smoked his entire life.
One night he fell asleep while watching television.
His cigarette was still lit and fell on the floor.
It caught his apartment on fire.
Rod died in the fire.
Barry was excited that he finally registered to vote.
He went to the polling place near his home.
While walking into the building he noticed all of the campaign signs.
He already knew how he would cast his votes.
Barry voted.
Amy wanted more space in her home.
She decided to look for a new apartment.
Amy found a new apartment for the right price near her job.
Amy visited the apartment to see it in person.
She moved into a smaller, cheaper apartment.
My brothers and I were sharing a pizza.
There was only one slice left.
We all wanted it.
Before anybody could say anything I licked it.
I got to eat the slice.
May was a shelter cat the pet store took in for adoption day.
Cathy and her family visited the pet store on adoption day.
Cathy fell in love with May as soon as she saw her.
After applying to adopt May and being approved, Cathy adopted May.
May and Cathy got along greatly.
Monica was an eight year old girl who loved to knit scarves.
One day Monica was invited to a birthday.
Monica did not have any money to buy her friend a gift.
Monica decided to knit her a scarf.
Monica was pleased to see her friend admire the homemade gift.
The suspect saw that the cell door was unlocked.
He pushed on it and it opened.
No one was watching him so he made an escape.
He calmly walked out of the front of the police station.
The suspect decided to turn himself in.
A girl falls in love with a boy and he liked her too.
She finds out that their parents don't get along.
The boy and the girl love each other so much.
But, they don't want to hurt their parents feelings so they stay away
But eventually they get together anyway.
One day, the president of the United States visited my hometown.
I waited in line for hours to get to see him.
I stood in front of the podium while he gave a stirring speech.
As he left, he shook my hand!
I was thrilled.
I wanted to do something fun.
I looked for something cheap to do.
I decided I would go swimming.
I found a local lake beach to visit.
I drove to the beach.
Steve was an accomplished carpenter.
He had a plan to surprise his wife with a new piece.
She had been wanting a new desk, so that's what he decided to make.
He cut all the lumber, assembled the desk, and stained it.
Steve's wife was ecstatic about the gift.
Jon felt like a bad dad.
He worked so late, he often missed his kids when he came home.
On the weekends, he was tired and grumpy.
One Saturday, his son sat down on the couch and leaned on Jon's arm.
John went to the movies by himself.
Ben walked along the street and found the end of a length of string.
He picked it up and pulled on it.
More string came but not the end.
Ben followed the string to see where it went.
Ben was fascinated by the string.
Juan wanted to be a luchador.
He grew up watching them on television.
He practiced every day in the basement.
Eventually he got added to small shows.
Juan decided that being  luchador was a stupid aspiration.
On Sunday, Tori found out she was pregnant!
She immediately called her husband to share the good news.
Tori's husband was just as excited.
The two discussed baby names for nearly half an hour.
They finally decided on one boy name and one girl name.
Sara works next door to a bakery.
She is on a diet so she can never go there.
One day she notices the bakery has closed down.
The next week a healthy organic juice shop opens.
Sara was then able to stop by and get food.
Rufus has just enrolled in a new school and he has no friends there.
At first he feels apprehensive and worried he won't meet anyone.
However, a nice guy named Ralph introduces himself to Rufus one day.
They realize that they are in the same Chemistry class.
They decide to be lab partners in their class together.
Tom wanted a Chemistry set for Christmas.
His mom said it was too dangerous for a little boy.
Tom asked for a puppy instead, and his mom suddenly changed her mind.
Tom didn't understand why, but he didn't care.
He was happy to get the Chemistry set.
Early every morning the hummingbirds visit my porch.
Today as I watched them they seemed agitated.
One particular bird was acting very territorial.
Suddenly a big black bird swooped in from out of nowhere.
It ate the territorial hummingbird easily.
Io was appearing in a school play.
Her costume required a hoop skirt.
Io couldn't find hoops anywhere!
Her mom decided to craft the hoops herself at home.
Lo figured the math problem.
I was at my first day of work.
My manager was wearing a Beatles T Shirt.
We both talked about our love for the Beatles.
We became good friends.
We later decided to start a small band.
Tyler went to a baseball game.
He saw his favorite team!
His team played hard.
His team won!
Tyler got depressed.
Flora's tooth started to hurt.
She hated the dentist, so she tried to ignore it.
The pain got worse and worse.
Finally, Flora had to call for a dentist appointment.
She was excited because she loved going to the dentist.
Derek likes to read.
He read all of the books in his house.
He needed more to read but didn't have money.
Derek got a library card!
Derek never read again.
I went to a bar with some friends of mine.
I was broke, but thought I could keep them company.
It turns out that they were all broke as well.
None of us bought anything, and we talked for hours.
The bar asked me and my friends to leave after a while.
Pat woke up with the urge to play hooky from work.
So he called in that morning using a fake sick voice.
Not even an hour after calling in he gets a text.
It tells him work is cancelled because it's snowing.
Pat got in his car and drove to work.
Greg was riding his bike to the store.
An arm emerged from an alleyway as Greg passed.
Greg fell from the bike as he was pushed to the ground.
He watched from the sidewalk as a man rode away with his bike.
Greg filed a police report and they eventually caught the thief.
Johnson has never liked being outdoors very much.
His girlfriend teases him that he could never go on a camping trip.
Johnson decides to prove her wrong.
He packs up a tent and goes camping for a long weekend.
He had a miserable weekend, but told his girlfriend it was great.
Jim lost his wallet that had all of his money it.
He would have no more money for food for his family until next month.
Meanwhile, Pete found a wallet lying in the bank parking lot.
It contained hundreds of dollars and Pete really wanted a new TV.
Pete kept the wallet and donated the money to charity.
Sally had an older sister who was good at everything.
One day she told her sister Mary she felt insecure.
Mary laughed her off and told her that she had many strengths too.
Sally looked at herself in a different way.
Sally thought her sister was cruel.
I had to take my son to the emergency room this summer.
He was playing football with some friends and got hit in the head.
He split his eyebrow open and we worried he had fractured his face.
Thankfully, there was no fracture.
My son died and we buried him in the graveyard.
Little Lorelei is eight months old and teething.
Her mother has tried everything to sooth her.
She has tried cool teething rings, medicines, and gentle soothing tea.
In a last effort she gives her a teething biscuit.
Lorelei calmed down after getting the teething biscuit.
I was at the park the other day.
I walked near the lake and saw some ducks.
I decided to throw them some bread.
They chased after me in an angry fashion.
The ducks liked me a lot.
Lewis knew the cave like the back of his hand.
Five first-time cavers walked behind him.
Suddenly, a few bats flew down from the darkness above.
All the people but Lewis ran back towards the cave's entrance.
Lewis started to dance.
Sean and Sara were going to buy a guitar.
Sean picked Sara up and they drove to the store.
Inside, they played with several different guitars.
Sara picked her favorite and they brought it to the counter.
Sara made the purchase enthusiastically.
Chris was not looking forward to going to school on Friday.
There was a difficult test coming that he was not ready for.
When he went to bed on Thursday he was worried.
When he woke up Friday morning almost a foot of snow had fallen!
Bill started to get ready for school.
Martha was a terrible cook and her boyfriend knew it.
He introduced her to cooking shows and watched them with her.
She would practice things she learned on the shows.
As the days went by her cooking began to slowly get better.
Martha became an expert seamstress after a while.
There was a stray cat who loved my cat.
He came by to see her everyday.
I eventually took him in and let him inside, and named him Tokyo.
He got very sick, out of nowhere.
Both cats were very healthy.
An office downtown had a red carpet.
The office staff complained it was always dirty.
But none of their vacuums could properly clean it.
So they hired a professional carpet cleaner.
It ended up dirtier than it was before.
Lexi wanted to be healthy.
But she wanted hot cocoa.
So she decided not to add any sugar.
The hot cocoa tasted boring.
Being healthy isn't always fun.
Anna wanted chicken wings.
She drove her car all the way to Buffalo.
There, she found an authentic wing restaurant.
She ordered herself a dozen hot wings.
Anna ate all the wings as she drove home.
My brother kept fighting me for the remote last week.
Finally we decided to divide its use.
We would each get to have it one day.
My brother then got into a fight who should have it the first day.
I never watch television with my brother.
Ivy was flying in a small sightseeing plane.
Suddenly the pilot made an announcement.
The plane had a rudder problem and was going down!
Ivy quickly braced in the crash position.
When the plane suddenly corrected, Ivy felt a wave of relief.
Joey was a second grader that like to color in coloring books.
He had worn down most of his crayons so he only had brown and black.
His parents thought that Joey was an artist because of his odd colors.
They hung his work on the fridge for everyone to admire.
Joey felt proud of himself.
John had a huge client presentation tomorrow, but he felt unprepared.
It's not that he was nervous presenting.
John had always felt comfortable in front of crowds.
This content, however, lacked polish and needed refinement.
John decided to bring bagels to work.
Gina was using a restroom at a gas station.
She went to wash her hands, but there was no soap.
She looked in the cabinet under the sink hoping to find some.
There was no soap there either.
Gina stole al the soap that was in the bathroom.
When it was time to eat, Mother rang the bell.
Dad and Bill knew that sound when they heard it.
They dropped their yard work, carefully, and washed their hands.
Mother was happy when they finally arrived in the house.
She then yelled for them to get back to work.
Emmy's dad took her to chose a kitten.
There were two together in a cage.
She couldn't split them up!
It made her sad to have to chose.
Then, Emmy's dad said she could keep both kittens.
Kyle collected many things.
He had an extensive collection of action figures.
Every day, he went looking for new figures for his collection.
He managed to add a new figure once a month or so.
Kyle was really into Marvel heros.
Francine noticed that all of her friends wore high heeled shoes.
Although she loved how heels looked, she hated how they felt.
One day she decided to wear a pair of flats to meet her friends.
All of her friends complimented how great they looked.
Francine was glad that she wore comfortable  shoes!
When I was young I loved hide and sneak.
I would play it even when others didn't know.
I would just hide and jump out at people.
I did this all the time in elementary school.
When I got older, I had to stop jumping out at people.
One summer my sister and I set up a lemonade stand.
It was the first month at a new house and we didn't know anyone.
Few people walked by and even fewer stopped.
The old pastor walked over from next door.
He bought lemonade and made us feel welcome in the neighborhood.
Jorie went with her family to visit Anne Frank's home in Amsterdam.
She read the book beforehand.
She thought the home was quite small.
Her mother cried while watching through the museum.
Jorie admitted it was a very emotional tour.
Clara went home from work one day.
Then she realized she had locked herself out!
Her keys were left on the kitchen table that morning.
She had to call her mom for help.
Clara liked being outside.
The other day I was cleaning up a bit around the apartment.
I decided to get rid of all the clutter and papers on the table.
Underneath all of them was an older letter from my girlfriend.
It said she wanted to break up with me.
I was angry and confused by the letter.
Ben was married to his high school sweetheart.
They were married for many Year's.
Ben realized one day that he was unhappy in his marriage.
He decided to have an affair.
His wife was proud of him.
One man bet another that he could outstare a duck.
A duck was found and stared at.
Although the duck was unaware of what was happening, it did not blink.
It did, however, wet its eyes with its nictitating membrane.
The man eventually blinked.
Shay went to the marine park.
There she saw a sign advertising dolphin swims.
Shay eagerly handed over her $40 and suited up.
Then she jumped in the pool to swim with the dolphins.
Shay had a great time.
Lia went to England.
She took a bus tour.
The tour stopped at Stonehenge.
Lia got out of the bus to look.
Lia hated going to England.
I was drinking a glass of juice.
My cup spilled on the counter.
I looked for something to clean the spill.
I found a pack of paper towels.
I mopped up the mess.
Arthur and his friends were hanging out.
They were drinking beers and talking.
All of a sudden the beer ran out.
Arthur didn't want to take the last one.
Arthur felt good about taking the last one anyway.
Jill wanted to buy a new car.
Jill drove her old car down to the car dealership.
The salesman traded Jill's old car for a new car.
After paying the salesman as well, Jill got her new car.
Jill was excited.
Jaden was quite forgetful.
He had not noticed that it was already Valentine's Day.
Feeling rushed, he went out and got some flowers and chocolate.
Jaden's girlfriend came home and found the treats.
Jaden's girlfriend slapped in the face.
John got a bike for his birthday.
He didn't know how to ride.
He practiced all week long.
At the end of the week he took off his training wheels.
He was able to ride the bike just fine without them.
Quentin had never been on a boat in his life.
One summer a friend invited Quentin to his lake house.
When they were there, Quentin and his friend went sailing.
It was an exhilarating experience.
Quentin was glad that he went.
A man ordered pancakes in a diner from the server.
She brought him a plate of pancakes minutes later.
The man complained that the pancakes were too thick.
The server brought them back to the cook.
The cook praised him.
My garden flowers are dying.
They are wilting and dry from the sun.
My friend came by to help evaluate what is wrong with my plants.
She discovered they needed more water.
After watering them more, my plants look better than ever.
Jill was playing video games with her sister.
Jill was angry that she was losing every game.
Jill took her game controller and threw it at the TV.
The TV screen cracked right down the center.
Jill and her sister could not play any more videogames.
I started to binge-watch "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".
After a few hours, I felt like running.
Unfortunately, it was dark outside.
I stood in the doorway for a while.
Then I fell asleep until the next morning.
At 12 Year's old, Drew decided to be a criminal.
He made up his mind to kick in doors and rob houses.
He practiced kicking in the doors of closets to build his strength.
His mother came home and saw all the closet doors broken.
Drew always wants to obey the law.
For a long time, every time I made hardboiled eggs, they came out bad.
I looked all over the internet for a solution to my problem.
A website suggested I bake my eggs instead of boil them.
I did just as it asked.
The baked eggs were great.
A boy saw a quarter lying on the sidewalk.
He bent down and picked it up.
As he did so, a spitball flew where his head had been.
Looking around, he saw his archenemy holding a straw.
The boy was grateful.
Tom wanted to go to a New York Giants game.
However, the tickets were too expensive.
Finally, he found tickets that were in his price range.
He ended up sitting in the upper deck.
He enjoyed watching the game anyway.
Trip loved watermelon.
He would eat at least one a day.
His mom always told him he would grow a tree swallowing seeds.
He always swallowed them anyways.
Trip enjoyed the flavor of the seeds.
Angie, an MTurk worker, saw herself as diligent.
One day one of her favorite requesters rejected her work.
Angie was very surprised and emailed them.
They responded that her work hadn't been good enough.
Angie decided to tell the requester to reject more of her work.
Donovan asked Trina to go dancing with him.
Trina liked Donovan so she said yes but she was really worried.
After school she ran home to ask her Dad for help.
When her Dad came home she explained the situation and Dad smiled.
Trina's dad scolded Trina.
Ned and his friends went to the fair.
He used the last of his money to buy a fluffy cotton candy.
As he was walking away, he saw a little boy crying.
He had dropped his cotton candy into a puddle.
So Ned gave him his own cotton candy.
Sebastian noticed it was sunny and warm out.
He had chores to do.
He didn't feel like doing his chores.
Sebastian decided that being outdoors was better.
Sebastian felt like staying inside that day.
Rashid was an excellent car driver.
One day Rashid's brother was late for work.
Rashid offered to drive his brother.
They got there with time to spare.
His brother yelled at him, and slammed the door.
Ali went to a fast food place and paid with her credit card.
The cashier took a very long time bringing her card back.
A few days later, Ali found unusual transactions on her card.
She called her bank, who reversed the charges.
She wondered if the cashier had stolen her information.
I was looking for a nice painting for my living room.
Hence yesterday I went out looking.
I finally found a beautiful one I loved.
The painting was of a waterfall.
I decided not to buy the painting because I didn't like it.
I was wanting to get a promotion.
I decided to try to get promoted.
All year, I worked very hard.
My boss took notice and called me into his office one day.
My boss fired me on the spot.
Dan was walking home from school and saw the window display.
There was a train set in the window of the store.
Dan wished so badly that he could own this train set.
When Dan got home his mother told him she had a surprise.
She gave Dan the train.
Gina wanted to steal her mother's house key.
She waited until her mother was taking a nap.
She took her mom's purse to the bathroom.
She removed the key from the chain quietly.
Then Gina placed the purse right back where she found it.
There was a man from kentucky.
He loved a girl who lived in Louisiana.
He decided he needed to move.
He moved to be with his love.
The man moved to Texas.
Tim was failing math class.
He knew if he didn't pass he would have to go to summer school.
He studied hard and asked for extra credit.
On the last day of school he found out he passed!
Tim was thrilled.
Mary-Anne was feeling lonely and decided to adopt a cat.
She went to her local humane society to start the process.
While she was looking, one of the cats meowed at her.
Mary-Anne pet the cat, and it was love at first sight.
She decided it was not the right cat.
I took gymnastics as a child.
I was learning the balance beam and doing moves on it.
As I did a round off flipping off the beam, I landed wrong.
I broke my ankle and was in so much pain!
I was rushed to the hospital.
There were six puppies running around my foyer.
It was going to be hard to choose the one we wanted to buy.
Each of my daughters picked out a different pup.
The owner said we could get a discount on two dogs.
We each bought one dog.
Johnny wanted a change from his big city life in Boston.
He decided he would be happier in America's Heartland.
Finally the day had arrived, Johnny moved to Idaho.
He had escaped the big city life.
Johnny began planning to move to Boston.
Joan hated going home for Christmas.
She knew that her mother would hound her about her love life.
This year on her way home she was in a car accident.
Her mother raced to her side to care for her needs.
Joan's mother didn't speak with her because she was unmarried.
I spend all of my time working on my writing.
As a result I have begun to feel quite lonely.
I've decided to join an online dating community.
As I join, I realize that I don't particularly like other people.
I began to write more.
My daughter was a girl scout in elementary school.
One day she went on an overnight field trip.
My wife went as a chaperone.
Everyone stayed in a cabin in New Hampshire for a weekend.
My daughter never forgot her field trip.
Today was the club opening of a new club around the corner.
I couldn't wait to attend.
As we got in the club it was beautiful.
We ordered delicious food and danced.
We befriended the bouncer so we would get into the club tomorrow.
Yesterday I was carrying a new glass into the kitchen.
To my surprise I dropped it.
The glass shattered.
I had to pick it up.
I cut myself on a small piece.
Allison decided she wanted to learn more about her area's history.
She went down to the library to check out a book on it.
She went inside and couldn't understand how the books were sorted.
She found a librarian who explained the dewey decimal system.
That helped her figure out which car she didn't want.
Sebastian wanted to play football on his friends team.
He talked to his friend and found out he needed to go to practice.
He practiced catching the football at home all week.
He went to the next practice and scored a touchdown.
Sebastian was disappointed in hit performance.
Once there was a mother who was desperate for her baby to sleep.
She walked him around but still he did not sleep.
She fed him but still he did not sleep.
Finally, she remembered the lullaby her mother had sung to her.
The mother gently sung the lullaby to her baby.
Johnny used to pee in swimming pools  as a kid.
He thought he could do it as an adult.
He took his kids to a water park.
Next he peed in the wading pool.
Some people noticed and Johnny got in trouble.
Amy watched the other kids play and stared at her inhaler.
Because of asthma she couldn't play sports.
She felt her art teacher's hand on her shoulder.
Her teacher smiled and told Amy she would be a great artist one day.
Amy felt so much better.
Joe and his friends had their soccer game today.
Joe was nervous.
He was nervous if he would win or not.
Finally after the game, Joe's team won.
Joe was very proud of his team.
Mark had a big interview for a new job.
He prepared himself for the questions they may ask.
The interviewer seemed to be impressed with Mark's answers.
The interviewer informed Mark he had the job.
Mark was very happy.
Elaine did not feel like cooking tonight.
Therefore, Elaine decided that she would go out to eat.
However, Elaine did not know where she wanted to eat.
Elaine deliberated on where she should go for almost an hour.
Elaine found it easy to make up her mind.
Sam was trying to get into the college of his dream.
He spent a long time filling out the application.
It made him feel good about his academic achievements.
He submitted the application.
3 months later he received an acceptance letter.
Matt decided to go bar hopping with his two friends one night.
They drank 3 shots in one bar.
They went to 4 more, drinking 3 shots in each.
Matt ended up getting too drunk and lost his phone.
Matt and friends walked home and slept it off.
Bindu planned a party with her friends.
They met at her house to discuss what food and band to use.
One of Bindu's friends brought samosas and doogh.
Four friends played music at the party.
Everyone had a great time.
Tyler wakes up and needs to shower before school.
His little brother is using the shower.
Tyler is worried he will miss the bus.
Finally it is Tyler's turn to shower.
Tyler made cupcakes to show off his baking skills.
Thomas had been feeling under the radar lately.
He went to his doctor to get a checkup.
His doctor told him that his cholesterol levels were a little bit high.
Thomas started eating healthier and going on walks.
He was diagnosed with diabetes after gaining forty pounds.
The doorbell rang but no one was there.
She was unsure as to whether she should open the door or not.
Slowly she creaked open the door and peered outside.
Her brother leaped out at her and gave her a good scare.
She decided to watch her favorite comedy show on Netflix.
Stephanie wanted to make applesauce.
She decided to drive to the farm market to pick some delicious apples.
As she was walking through the orchard she tripped and fell.
She broke both of her wrists.
Stephanie pushed herself up with her hands.
Roy couldn't figure out why his apartment smelled so bad.
His friends commented on it when they went over.
Everyone decided to look for the source.
It turned out to be an old fish in the refrigerator.
Roy decided to leave the fish in the refrigerator.
Jimmy grew up very poor.
However, his parents always did his best to provide for him.
When he got into a good college, they worked two jobs to afford it.
When he graduated, he wanted to show his appreciation.
So he repaid them for college.
Jill was surprised when a handsome boy asked her to the college dance.
As her roommates got ready, Jill fussed about her hair.
Jill's roommates said they could help.
Jill finished dressing into her toga-like white gown.
Her date arrived and complimented her appearance.
A bar owner put out a large banner to advertise his bar.
The wind was strong and blew the banner away.
The owner chased his banned across town.
It landed in the backyard of an old woman.
The old woman refused to give back the banner.
My mother has a recipe for pumpkin bars that I like quite a lot.
She once made them for me because I was having a bad day.
I ate the pumpkin bars and I felt much better.
The bars reminded me that my mother cares about me.
I never ate pumpkin bars after that day.
Tim decided to spend more time with his granddad.
His grandpa loved birdwatching, so Tim watched with him.
They marked their sightings in a notebook.
Soon Tim was really interested!
Tim decided he wasn't interested in birds anymore.
Danny was working at the local ice cream shop this summer.
He was very excited to have started his first job.
On his first day a little boy dropped his ice cream on the floor.
Without hesitation, Danny knew just what to do.
He gave him another scoop of ice cream.
Laurence and his family decided to move.
First they packed up their furniture.
They then packed up everything else.
All their belongings were moved into the van.
Laurence and his family drove to their new home.
Joy wanted to find the perfect shell for her hermit crab.
She could buy one, but it would be more special if she found it.
She scoured the beach all morning.
Everything that might work was broken!
She had to buy a shell after all.
Westin was getting married!
He wanted his wedding to go perfectly.
Everything went well until the evening.
Someone got very intoxicated and fell into the cake!
Westin cut a perfect slice from the cake.
Joe was helping his dad clear the woods in the back of their yard.
All of a sudden he heard loud buzzing.
He had stirred up a bee's nest.
He got stung six times before he could escape.
Joe laughed about the experience.
Tim had dreams of becoming a great bodybuilder.
He worked out every night to try to reach his goal.
His hard work paid off and he earned a spot in a popular contest.
He showed his skills, lifting more than 250 lbs.
Tim was very determined.
Henry was walking to his class.
At the same time, he was trying to clean his phone screen with a cloth.
Unfortunately, someone bumped into him.
His phone fell out of his hand and landed on the ground.
The person apologized to Henry.
Tami decided to attend volleyball tryouts.
She was only in the 8th grade, but she knew she was good.
She played hard and gave it her all.
She hadn't anticipated the other players would be as good as her.
Tami made the basketball team.
Bob and Jim were playing ball in the house one day.
They knocked over the vase and it broke into many pieces.
They were afraid their mom would get angry at them.
They found some glue, and carefully glued the vase back together.
Their mom enjoyed her new, broken vase.
Steve was very sad.
Steve's girlfriend broke up with him.
He decided to write a song to her.
He poured his heart into the song.
Steve wondered if they could ever get back together.
Lauren has always wanted to wear skinny jeans to parties.
However, she needs to lose weight so the skinny jeans will look good.
Lauren begins a challenging exercise regimen.
Finally she has lost enough weight to wear skinny jeans.
She wore them proudly to the next party.
Sonny lived in Texas, and it was a hot summer.
He was so sick of the heat.
He decided to find a way to cool off.
At first, he couldn't think of anything.
He decided to go turn on his heaters.
Ronald had two kids, a boy and a girl.
That was more than enough.
He really didn't want two to be honest.
One day his wife told him baby three was on the way.
He was deeply unhappy but afraid to leave.
I was taking a hike last Wednesday.
While walking I stumbled across something that scared me.
Their in front me was a 4 foot snake with beady eyes.
I screamed and ran all the way back to the main road.
I am a biologist who studies snakes.
Mary liked to drink coffee every morning.
Today she was in a hurry.
She went to a drive through coffee place.
She noticed the coffee was the wrong order after she drove away.
Mary crashed into a poll.
Billy wanted to become a doctor.
He went to college to become a doctor.
After he graduated with his degree, he changed his mind.
Billy became a nurse instead of a doctor.
He never regretted his decision.
Quinton was getting evicted from his apartment.
He was broke with no income.
One day, he decided to spend his last dollar on the lotto.
To his disbelief, he won $50,000!
Quinton felt depressed.
After Igor woke up he began to get ready for work.
He turned on the shower and waited for it to get hot.
The water remained cold.
He debated between taking a cold shower and not showering.
He ate a muffin.
Tara preferred big band music to all alternatives.
She loved all the horns and other brass instruments involved.
She tried to find fellow big band lovers.
Her attempts were futile.
Tara still enjoyed listening on her own!
I traveled to Washington DC to visit my boyfriend.
We went many places around town.
But one place I wanted to go was the White House.
He took me to the White House, and I was so happy.
We took the tour and enjoyed the history of the place.
My son bought a drum set for his one year old niece last fall.
The set had drumsticks, a cymbal, and a seat.
His niece lives in NYC.
She saw it when she visited, and was thrilled.
She hates music.
Maggie had her first piano recital tonight.
She was very nervous.
When she got on stage she was shaking.
Thankfully she ended up playing perfectly.
Maggie was encouraged to do more.
I decided I wanted to sign up for a christmas club with my bank.
I called the teller and asked when i could do this.
She told me I could come in at any time.
I went in this morning and signed up for the plan.
I am glad I signed up.
Mac had a vegan friend coming for dinner.
He groaned, knowing he couldn't make steak or hamburgers.
Then he remembered an alfredo sauce recipe made with cashews.
To his surprise, the sauce came out creamy and delicious.
He decided to serve meatloaf instead.
Ryan used to work for mall security.
He often worked the night shift.
One day, he saw a raccoon in the mall.
He stared at it for hours until it left.
Ryan was blind.
Johnny's teacher treated the class to homemade snow cones.
The teacher let each student pick a colored syrup topping.
When his turn came, Johnny got mad when he saw only one color left.
Johnny's teacher asked what was wrong.
Johnny told the teacher he was happy.
Jill convinced her boyfriend Joe to go look for Geocache with her.
He didn't think it sounded like fun but decided to humor her.
They searched the location where the Geocache was supposed to be.
After over an hour of searching they were unable to find it.
Jill hoped they would find it soon.
Brigid and her friend Ella both took piano lessons.
Ella's father bought her an expensive grand piano by a renowned maker.
Brigid's father could only afford to buy her a used upright piano.
But Ella was a foolish and insensitive girl who never practiced.
Ella did not ever become good at piano.
Dave wanted buy a gun.
He went to the gun store and asked many questions.
He looked at big guns and little guns.
He decided he wanted to buy a big shotgun.
Dave was against the second amendment.
Rose took a train to Long Island.
There, she went to the very tip of the island.
She went to the beach at Montauk Point.
It was cold and windswept.
Rose was so warm that she took off her jacket.
Drew was using a typewriter for a special project.
He tried to be careful since he couldn't erase his words.
However, he ended up falling asleep.
His head landed on the keys and several letters were typed.
Drew was glad his project would be free of any mistakes.
Sarah always had a fascination with the night sky.
Noticing her passion, Sarah's father bought her a new telescope.
She was ecstatic.
She went outside every night to diligently view the night sky.
Sarah's father took back the telescope.
Kristen was tired of her room.
She need to move it around for a change.
She hadn't moved it in over four Year's.
After moving everything she saw a huge stain where her bed covered.
Melanie decided that the room looked perfect now.
My sister moved in with me when she was 35.
She'd been living with a wife beater in a rundown trailer park.
The man tracked her down to my house one cold, dark night.
He broke into my house while we were sleeping.
We woke up to find him sneaking in the through a window.
My parents fell out of love.
I'm not sure when it happened but it seems to have been mutual.
They decided to end things amicably.
Although I'm hurt by this I'm glad they chose what makes them happy.
My parents want to live together.
Anna was going to have a baby sibling.
Her mom went into the hospital and Anna was hopeful.
She really wanted a little sister, but not a brother!
When her mom returned home with the baby, Anna was overjoyed.
The new baby was a boy.
Monica decided to play Truth or Dare with her friends.
They were all afraid to confess anything and only picked Dare.
The Dares got progressively more elaborate as the day wore on.
Monica dared a friend to shoplift doritos and the friend did it.
Monica and her friends enjoyed the doritos before the next Dare.
Ray went to a friend's house for a sleepover.
He realized that he'd forgotten his toothbrush.
He was unable to brush his teeth!
Ray tried to use toothpaste on his finger, but it was no use.
Finally, Ray  asked his friend if he had a spare toothbrush.
Ellie had a lot of homework to do.
She started with her math homework.
After she had finished that, she wrote a book report.
The last assignment was a study guide, which took her ten minutes.
Ellie was felt prepared for her schooling.
Don loved comic books.
He consistently collected issues of his favorite stories.
As he grew older his love for comics grew.
He decided that he wanted to start his own comic book company.
He named it Don's Comics.
Arnold was scared of bats.
He thought that if they bite him he would turn into a vampire.
One day he saw a bat in his bathroom.
He freaked out so much he screamed.
Arnold took a relaxing shower with the bat.
Sean was homeless.
He begged for money on the streets.
For one week, no one gave him money.
He was starving.
Sean decided to go to a shelter.
Two hobos agreed to make dinner together.
Each set out to find ingredients.
The first returned with a worn boot.
The second returned with a gross of wing nuts.
They decided that they could not make a meal.
Judy and Bill were preparing to have dinner with their parents.
Judy makes a roast with potatoes and rolls with gravy.
Bill sets the table and puts on some background music.
The doorbell rings, it is their parents.
Judy and Bill were highly unprepared.
Sal hurt his leg when his wife accidentally tripped him.
She felt so bad that she waited on him hand and foot.
She bought him food and gave him messages.
Sal liked all the attention.
Sal was furious with his wife.
One weekend we wanted to see a movie with the kids.
There were two movies they wanted to see.
So we decided to divide and conquer.
Two kids and myself went to one and my husband and our son another.
After that, we got a divorce.
Amy's sister took her to the beach to surf on her vacation.
Amy hurriedly suited up in her wetsuit.
The instructor was patient when Amy couldn't get the hang of it.
Finally it was time for Amy to try on her own.
Amy decided to go swimming.
Kay built himself a raft.
He used planks of scrap wood, and nails.
He worked hard on it all spring.
Come summer, he tested it out in the lake.
Kay's raft floated.
Max was a very bright boy.
But he would become lost in his own vivid imagination.
No matter how hard he tried, he found himself daydreaming.
Max did not do very well in school.
Max consistently failed.
Gina was at a funeral for her grandpa.
Gina watched as friends made remarks, and told stories about him.
The stories were funny and interesting.
Gina got a chance to see her grandpa in a different light.
She knew he was someone she would always remember.
Ashley has felt sick all day today.
She feels like she is going to throw up.
She asks her boss if she can go home for the day.
Her boss lets her leave work.
Ashley went surfing.
Marley sleeps horribly every night.
She decides that she needs to get a new bed.
She went to the closest store but couldn't find a bed she liked.
She told her mom about her sleeping problems.
Her mom brought her to a sleep specialist.
Joe is an aspiring journalist.
But he's been feeling pretty frustrated by the news media.
He considered going back to school, but decided against it.
Finally, he landed a well-paying job.
Joe could not find a job.
Lizzy lives on an island in the tropics.
Everyday they go to the banana plantation and get some.
Today Lizzy wanted to pick her own bananas.
She climbed the tall tree and realized how big the bunches were.
Lizzy decided she did not like bananas.
In 1997 I rode on an old bus.
A local group rented a 1957 transit bus, painted in old colors.
I rode on the bus as it went all over suburban Boston.
I took plenty of photos.
I am afraid of heights.
Bryan wondered why his arms itched.
He scratched his arms until they left scars because it was so bad.
He finally went to the doctor and he found out he had poison ivy.
The doctor gave him ointment and some antibiotics.
Bryan went home in pain.
Tony and Mark were fierce rivals on the basketball court.
Everyday after school they would meet at the local blacktop to play.
They would always play one on one.
They were always so evenly matched.
Tony would blowout Mark.
Becky and her friends decided to make some candy bars.
The got all the ingredients together and got to it.
The girls had a ton of fun.
When the candy cooled they put them in bags.
The girls decided they never wanted to make candy bars again.
Robin went to the gym.
She worked out for 2 hours.
While at the gym she did arms and abs.
She was determined to get in shape.
She continued to work out for the rest of the year.
Rachelle worked hard to buy her first home.
She was very proud of her accomplishment.
Unfortunately, she lost her job and eventually, her home.
She decided to stay in a hotel and find a new job.
She was happy at the turn of events.
Bill saved all his pocket change for 2 weeks last month.
It was for a sucker from the store.
He brought all his chance and bought the sucker.
Walking home he tripped and fell.
Bill thought he was the luckiest guy alive.
Neil was visiting Romania.
He had just arrived and was excited to see Transylvania.
When he got there, he saw gorgeous old castles.
He also found friendly locals.
Neil decided to never return to Transylvania.
Last week a stunt double tried a new stunt.
It involved a big car crash.
Something went wrong and one of the safety harnesses snapped.
The stunt man was ejected from his seat.
The stunt man was paralyzed.
Pamela was so excited to finally have a boyfriend, Ralph.
Ralph never listened to what she said.
He rarely showed up on time.
He flirted too much with other girls.
Ralph then asked Pamela to marry her.
Helen wanted to go to space.
She decided to become an astronaut.
She studied very hard.
She  passed all the tests!
Helen looked forward to her first mission.
Hailey liked to play with her friends.
She had a playdate every week.
One day Hailey's mom got in an argument with one of the other moms.
Hailey was told they were never going back.
Hailey was excited to see them all again tomorrow.
Maybelle's breath always smelled like peppermints.
Her house did as well, or at least that's what he remembers.
To this day he keeps peppermints in his cupboards.
They remind him of his grandma and what she meant to him.
He hates his grandmother.
Valerie decided she wanted to learn German.
She signed up for a class to teach her.
When she wasn't in class, she studied very hard.
Soon, she decided to practice speaking German with a German friend.
Valerie wanted to visit Germany.
Tim just got a new phone.
He had dropped it a few time hours within getting it.
He decided he needed a case to protect his phone.
He went to the local store and purchased a waterproof phone case.
Tim's phone became ruined when he spilled water on it.
Gina's family pulled into a rest stop off the highway.
Gina got out and stretched her legs.
At the stop there was a gas station and a Burger King.
Gina normally didn't like Burger King's fries.
Gina walked down the highway without her family.
I got a call late one night.
Thinking it was one of my friends I answered.
The woman who was on the other line was unfamiliar to me.
I asked who it was and why they were calling.
She said she was my long lost mother.
Nelly the cashier was having a bad day at the store.
She kept making small mistakes and people were getting mad.
Even her last customer was mad and it wasn't even her fault.
As soon as it was time for her break she dashed outside.
Nelly hated the outdoors.
Alec's daughter wanted more blocks to play with.
Alec figured that blocks would develop her scientific mind.
Alec bought blocks with letters on them.
Alec's daughter made words with them rather than structures.
Alec and his wife decided to go to the movies.
I decided to murder my neighbor.
I crept into his house in the middle of the night.
I killed him while he slept.
I was caught by the police.
The police officer gave me a badge and made me a deputy.
Tim bought a record player at a thrift shop.
He didn't have any records to play on it.
He asked his parents if they had any.
They gave him their entire record collection from their youth.
He felt cool and retro when he played records at a party.
Amy wanted to get healthy.
She purchased a smoothie blender.
She made delicious fruit and vegetable smoothies.
It took 20 minutes to clean the blender.
Amy was determined to gain weight.
Tina auditioned for her high school dancing team.
After she danced, the instructor wanted to talk to her.
He said that her skills aren't good enough to make the team.
She immediately left the auditioning room.
Tina held back her tears.
Sally was on her work break.
She went to get tacos from the taco stand outside.
She realized she had forgotten her wallet at home.
A nice man noticed what happened and offered to pay.
Sally was grateful for his kindness.
Jennifer wanted to join the school band.
She began taking lessons for playing the cello.
She made progress, but not quickly.
She didn't feel ready to try out for the band.
Jennifer worked hard on her lessons and got into the band.
Fred went to the beach with his friends.
He loved the water and the sunshine.
His friends threw a party on the beach after the sun went down.
Fred got drunk and passed out on the sand.
Fred rolled over and fell off the bed.
Ronnie was riding his bike to work the other day.
All of a sudden he hit a rock and fell.
He wasn't hurt but his outfit was ruined.
He kept going to work anyway.
Ronnie's boss commended him on his dedication.
Burke doesn't have many friends.
He always walks around with a scowl on his face.
One day, a stranger tells him that he should smile more.
Burke decides to try smiling.
Burke soon reverts back to being grumpy.
Matt was driving home one night.
He wasn't paying attention.
He struck and injured a jogger who crossed the road.
Matt was horrified and stopped to check on her.
Matt always paid more attention to the road after that.
Brian was excited for the talent show.
He had been doing extra practice on his drums.
To express his individuality he wore a skirt on stage.
When he finished his act he got a standing ovation.
Brian was very creative and brave.
Halloween was on its way.
I decided to decorate my house.
I went to the store and bought decorations.
I went home and gathered the new items.
I loved decorating for holidays.
One day, police were investigating a crime scene.
They were stuck on where to go next.
They got a tip to check behind the library.
There they found some key evidence.
The police found the perpetrator and locked her up.
Pat has a math test coming up.
He studies very hard for a week.
Pat makes flashcards to read on the bus.
Pat aces his test.
Pat is happy.
Solomon didn't like his first name.
He thought that it was too old-fashioned.
At a job interview, the interviewer praised his name.
Solomon suspected that his being hired was related to his unique name.
Solomon asked the interviewer for an old-fashioned.
Kelly got a new bracelet yesterday.
She was in love with it.
Yet today when she went shopping, she ended up losing it.
She searched everywhere for it.
Try as she might, Kelley couldn't find her dog.
My spouse is a huge Star Wars fan and loves it.
I needed a gift idea for him for a Christmas gift.
I decided to buy him tickets to Star Wars.
He loved his gift from me on Christmas morning.
He used the tickets to take me to see Star Wars with him.
Ben was tired at the end of the day.
The customer asked for Spaghetti.
Ben was too lazy to wash a dish and but the food on a dirty one.
A week later, the restaurant got sued by the customer.
The customer was uplifted by the special service.
Yesterday Stacey was driving to work.
Unfortunately a large SUV slammed into her.
Luckily she was alright.
However her car was destroyed.
Stacey got back in her car and drove to work.
Karen and Diane had been best friends since childhood.
Now high school seniors, they've started thinking about college.
They both applied to Cornell and planned to room together.
Karen was accepted but Diane was not, which was hard for both of them.
Diane decided she hated Karen more than ever before.
Regrettably, our kitty passed away two weeks ago.
She was a young cat, and we didn't know why she died.
We found her on the floor when we woke up in the morning.
My husband buried her in the backyard.
We miss her so much.
Reilly loved going to the fair.
The petting zoo was her favorite part.
She had fed a small goat before feeding the cow.
The goat was trying to get more food from her but she ignored it.
Eventually, the goat became angry and bit Reilly.
My sister in law Sally contacted the family last month.
Sally is estranged from the family.
She ran away to get married and did not keep in contact.
Her husband is now in a hospice.
Sally ended up being my best friend.
Laura decided to fly all the way to New York City.
She flew specifically to get her hair done.
She wanted her hair cut by a celebrity stylist.
When Laura got it done she loved it.
Laura wore a hat all week to hide her hair.
Neil had just arrived in Bulgaria.
His train took him to the center of Sofia.
He was amazed at the busy capital city.
It was so beautiful and busy!
Neil thought the country was wonderful.
A man was running down a path in a state park.
He came to a gate in the path.
The gate looked low enough to jump.
The man leapt as high as he could while running.
The man jumped over the gate.
I waited in line all day to see a movie I knew I would like.
I was so excited to see this movie.
When I got into the theater, I was so excited I almost couldn't move.
I watched the whole movie.
I thought the movie was great!
Grayson has collected stamps since he was a little kid.
Now Grayson needs some money to help pay his rent.
He thinks of his stamp collection.
Sadly, he takes them into a pawn shop for sale.
He gets much less for them than they are worth.
Lance and Adam were best friends.
When Lance joined the Army, Adam signed up, too.
They were in the same unit and were deployed together.
Lance took a bullet for Adam.
Adam was never able to repay Lance.
I walked inside of the dentists office.
After signing the attendance board, the dentist greeted me.
He showed me where to sit.
Afterwards, he started to operate on my teeth.
I left the dentist's office with a signed petition.
Tim always wanted to play the drums.
His parents bought him a set for Christmas.
He would play them all the time.
It was way too loud and upset his parents.
Pretty soon, Tim's parents hated the sound of the trumpet.
I love all you can eat buffets.
There used to be this amazing buffet by my house.
It had all kinds of food from all over the world.
The only problem was that it was very expensive.
So I would indulge every once in awhile, and it was delicious!
Lilly made cranberry sauce for Thanksgiving.
It was her first time meeting her boyfriend's parents.
The meal was going well until she took a bite of what she had made.
She realized she had forgotten to put sugar in it.
Her in-laws thought the cranberry sauce was much too sweet.
Both my kids came home from college in Dec.
We decided to have a fun winter break together.
We baked cookies, decorated the house and went shopping together.
We also made some Christmas gifts.
I did not have a good holiday season.
Michael saw a squirrel living in the dumpster one day.
He thought it was a cute way for the squirrel to say warm.
When the trash was taken to the landfill, the squirrel was gone!
A few weeks later, Michael saw another squirrel in the dumpster.
Michael hoped the new squirrel would fare better than the first.
Rob like salsa.
So his friend Tom got him a large case of a rare variety.
Tom was excited to give the gift to Rob.
Rob opened the gift in disbelief and drew a smile.
Rob was happy.
Jennifer dove from the starting block.
She always felt that she held the rest of her team back.
She pushed harder than she ever had to catch the other swimmers.
She even past a few and actually placed second in her event.
Jennifer was proud of herself for swimming so well.
Ace was playing poker with friends.
At first he was having fun.
Then he noticed something odd.
One of his friends was sneakily cheating!
Ace called out his friend for cheating.
Paul wanted to buy his wife a gift.
Unfortunately he couldn't decide what to get.
He fretted over it for days.
Eventually it was his wife's birthday.
He decided to go golfing all day.
Tim wanted to connect more with nature.
So, he went out in the woods.
He heard the birds sing, the wind blow and the crickets creak.
He loved it so much, he built a large tree house and moved in.
He tore it apart.
After dropping her kids off at school, Tammy donated blood.
She drank some juice to refuel before running a few errands.
Tammy then headed for the gym to her favorite aerobics class.
Forty minutes into the intense workout Tammy passed out.
Tammy learned a valuable lesson.
Abigail keeps a strict schedule.
She takes a walk in the morning and at night.
She walks for about 30 minutes at a time around the neighborhood.
Sometimes she even takes her dog Dexter.
And so Abigail was able to lose a lot of weight.
Eddie always felt different than everyone else.
Last week he was alone in an elevator.
He heard a voice telling him what floor to go to.
It freaked him out and he's seeking mental help.
Eddie needed medication.
Jay woke up in the morning to the sound of his car alarm.
He ran outside to see what had happened, only to find his car damaged.
Someone had hit his car and just driven away.
The rear bumper had been destroyed and was on the ground.
Jay was livid.
There was a gas leak in a house down the street.
The people who lived there did not know.
They left for work one day, and the gas filled up the house.
A small spark caused the house to explode.
They then got home to their neatly cleaned home.
Carmen wanted to make a healthier version of pizza.
Carmen had to find a recipe for the pizza.
Carmen found a recipe that had a cauliflower crust.
Carmen went to the store to purchase the ingredients.
Carmen's family loved the crust.
Rufus notices that he has let his fingernails grow too long.
They are making a loud tapping sound when he types on his computer.
Rufus decides to cut his fingernails one night.
When he's finally finished, he feels relieved.
His fingernails are much shorter.
Herman was very hungry but had no money.
So he searched all over his house for spare change.
He found a quarter under the couch and a dollar in his dresser.
Herman came up with two dollars and walked to the store.
Herman decided he wasn't hungry anymore.
Everyone loves grandma's peach pie.
She makes from the peaches grown in the orchard.
The kids job was to go and pick the peaches for the pies.
They always made sure the picked the best peaches.
Grandma had to pick the peaches herself.
Candice loves tacos.
Although her love is strong, her tacos are not very good.
Candice decides she wants to better her taco recipe.
She searches for an assortment of different taco recipes.
Candice stuck to her original taco recipe.
Tony liked art.
He decided to go to college and take art classes.
He took 4 years worth of art classes in college.
When He got out, he couldn't find a job.
Tony was hired immediately and succeeded.
Jenny's parents got divorced.
Jenny and her mom moved to a tiny apartment filled with roaches.
There was no stove, so they cooked chicken nuggets in a toaster oven.
Jenny's mom ran out of money, so they went to a food bank.
Jenny was thrilled with her new living situation.
Bill wanted to lose weight.
He had been trying for Years, but lacked initiative.
He finally stopped being so hard on himself.
Growing in confidence, he met  his goals every week.
He finally got down to his ideal weight.
While eating breakfast, I saw a lady.
She was cute so I called her over.
She sat down and we talked for hours.
We really got along.
The woman told me to leave her alone.
Cindy has been driving for a few months.
But she has never driven in the rainy.
She had to drive to school on a rainy day.
But she was too scared to.
Cindy asked her mother to drive her.
I put together a list of factoids and trivia.
I included them in a small booklet.
I got a bunch of them printed.
I sold it as a coffeeeee table or bathroom reader.
I made a little bit of money.
Bob went to the thrift store to look for deals.
He spotted a camera on sale for $5.
He looked up the value when he got home.
To his surprise the camera was worth $5000!
He quickly bought the camera.
Rover liked playing fetch with his owner.
One day his owner threw the ball too hard.
It bounced across the street.
Rover weaved through traffic with amazing skill.
He fetched the ball and brought it back to his owner.
My mom was about to drive across a train track.
The signed opened up for the cars to pass.
However, it was a false alarm since a train was moving close-by.
It was within a few feet of the cars.
My mom jumped into the swimming pool.
Kelly worked at Cedar Point for the summer.
One day, while she was working, she found $20 on the ground!
She ran to the security booth and gave them the $20.
After a week, nobody had claimed the money.
Kelly was fired for being dishonest.
Alan wanted to test his typing speed.
He went on an online testing site to check.
It was surprisingly fast.
He tried to use it on his job applications.
It helped him get a job in an office.
Anne had just turned 50 when she noticed something unsettling.
Her hair was beginning to come in gray!
She thought about dyeing it to hide the gray.
Then she decided to honor her wisdom and Years.
She wore her gray hair with pride.
Connie was invited to a party.
When she arrived at the party, there was weird music playing.
She looked around, and everyone was dancing weirdly.
She was so freaked out, she turned around and left.
She was freaked out the whole way home.
I bought a car a few months ago.
I thought I would make it cooler by modifying it.
I did a few changes and had friends help with others.
Unfortunately it no longer passed my state's inspection.
I got my car registered and drove it around all day.
Trent and his family left for a road trip.
They packed all their suitcases and snacks for drive.
In seventy two hours they would arrive in Las Vegas.
When Trent took his turn to drive he fell asleep.
Trent drove off road and totaled the car.
Randy looked carefully at the engagement rings in the jewelry store.
He noticed a beautiful ring with a large diamond in the center.
Randy asked the clerk if he could have a closer look at the ring.
The ring was even more gorgeous up close!
Randy bought the ring.
For the first time in my life I went to the opera.
My girlfriends loves the opera and I don't.
They were in town performing though so I told her I would go.
To my surprise I actually had a good time!
I went to the tennis match alone and had a beer.
Shay had been asked to come into the office on a Saturday.
They were having a business meeting and wanted her to be there.
Shay wanted her weekend off, but she agreed to come in.
On payday, she saw that she had made overtime pay on that Saturday.
Shay was upset that her company had mistreated her.
Our dog was named Cinnamon.
She was very sweet and loving.
She was starting to get old and frail.
We had to put her down as she was in pain.
The whole family mourned Cinnamon.
I danced ballet for 11 Year's as a child.
I loved it, loved it and breathed it.
I got to a point where I wanted to excel to pointe ballet shoes.
My instructors told me I wasn't ready yet, and I was so hurt by it.
I was very happy.
May was Harry's favorite month.
Harry had his birthday in May and school also let out.
Every May Harry would also go to the country to see his friend Mary.
Mary and Harry got engaged eventually.
Harry loved Mary.
Gina went to her 6th hour class.
It was gym.
Gina hated gym, and all things related.
She was horrified when the teacher made them run the first day.
Gina felt amazing that she ran.
I needed to get the grass cut before it got dark outside.
I rushed home with 2 hours of daylight left.
The mower was out of gas.
It started to rainy.
I couldn't mow the lawn.
I was going for a ride with my grandparents.
I had fallen asleep in the backseat.
A fox darted across the road.
My grandfather slammed on the brakes.
The fox then lept behind our dirt bike.
John liked a girl at his work.
He tried to get her attention by acting silly.
She told him to grow up.
John confesses he was trying to make her like him more.
John was happy about being rejected.
Aurelia was given an ice cream maker for her birthday.
She had never thought of making nice cream before.
She gathered the ingredients for her first vanilla ice cream.
Aurelia was amazed with how delicious her homemade ice cream was.
She began brainstorming a new ice cream recipe.
Miriam was constantly arguing about everything.
Her mother told her that it was a bad habit.
Miriam never stopped being pedantic.
She later became a lawyer.
Miriam did not enjoy arguing.
My class and I went for a field trip.
When we were driving to the location, our bus broke down.
We all waited for another bus to show up to pick us up for an hour.
When the bus arrived, we all boarded and continued our way.
The field trip went very well as we had hoped.
I went to get burgers for my family last week.
None of them could tell me what toppings they wanted.
Everyone kept changing their mind.
Eventually I just left and decided to get random ones.
My family only ate vegetables.
Alice had a presentation at 9 am at work on Monday.
She practiced all weekend on perfecting her speech.
On Monday she awoke to realized it was 8:45.
She hurriedly dressed and arrived to work 5 minutes late.
Alice was a mess during her presentation.
Gina had taken her crying brothers ice cream.
Now he was crying because he wanted it back.
Gina refused and continued to eat his ice cream.
Her mother poked her and made her give it back.
Gina's mom liked her behavior.
Amber really enjoyed playing softball.
She practiced real hard and tried out for the team.
He hitting skills were not very good.
She had to take batting practice for several weeks
Amber slowly developed into a pretty good hitter.
Gina and her family arrived at her grandma's house.
It was not a happy occasion.
Her grandpa had a heart attack and died.
Their grandma was partially paralyzed from a stroke.
Gina missed her grandfather very much.
On Christmas morning, I woke up at 5 AM like when I was a child.
I sat in front of the tree in the dark and admired the lights.
The presents looked beautiful, all wrapped up, underneath the tree.
I made two mugs of hot chocolate and woke up my husband.
I hated Christmas.
Jim tried out for the basketball team and was cut at try outs.
Jim was upset but at the same time motivated to prove everyone wrong.
During the entire off season, Jim worked on his game.
He improved his shooting, dribbling, passing, and defense.
Jim made the basketball team the next time.
Mary had a credit card debt of over $2000.
She wanted to pay it off.
She cut off her unnecessary expenses such as going out.
She saved all her money in a savings account.
Gradually, Mary was able to pay off her debt.
John had worked hard on his homework but couldn't find it anywhere.
Then he came upon some paper scraps on the floor.
His dog, Betty, was sitting nearby with a paper scrap in her mouth.
John was worried his teacher would think he was lying.
John turned his homework in the next day.
Beverly was ready for a change.
She decided to pack all her stuff and load her car and leave.
She figured everything is big in Texas and she would just get lost.
In the big city she could be anyone and do anything she wanted.
Once there, she got her dream job.
John felt like he was coming down with a cold.
It was very cold outside that morning and he felt terrible.
He called into work and told his boss he was ill.
Then John got up and had breakfast and felt better.
John had a nice day off of work.
Sally like pizza night on fridays.
The family got two pizzas one with no cheese.
Sally didn't like cheese.
But both pizzas had cheese on them this time.
Sally decided to order her own pizza.
School was just a disaster today.
It was raining and everyone got soaked in the rain.
There was also a fire and everyone had to evacuate the school.
I caught a fever from being in the rain for several minutes.
I went swimming in the lake.
Ed challenged his brother to a basketball game.
The two guys played a friendly match.
The score was almost tied.
Then Ed made a slam dunk.
Ed won the game.
Lary was a poor coal miner.
Lary would work long hours every day in the mines.
Lary was mining one day and saw a sparkle in the distance!
Lary had found a vein of gold ore!
Lary ignored it and kept working.
Jim's car was ten Year's old, and started having problems.
He decided to trade it in and buy a new one.
He did a lot of research on the most economical cars to buy.
He decided on one that could also run on a battery.
Jim decided that he would rather buy a bike instead of a car.
Nick took his dog for a walk last Saturday.
During the walk, his dog saw several other dogs.
He was not well-socialized, so he started barking at them.
It was a long and painful experience for both of them.
Sam was very amused by his dog's behavior.
The building exploded.
Five people were inside it.
Three died and two lived.
Mosh rushed out with his little sister in his arms.
He was relieved to be alive.
Jake opened his fridge, looking for food.
He found nothing, except some jelly.
He realized he could make a PB&J sandwich.
He got the ingredients, and fixed himself a sandwhich.
Jake satiated his hunger.
One year, Matt was training for a half marathon.
Near the time of the race, he slipped on a run and damaged his knee.
Matt missed the race and required an extensive rehab.
As soon as he could, Matt was back to training.
Matt trained hard to return to being a pianist.
Susie loves her grandma's banana bread.
Susie called her grandma and asked her to send some.
Grandma lived very far away.
A week passed and grandma surprised Susie by coming to visit.
Susie was so happy.
Jon and Mika wanted a baby daughter.
After years of trying, they finally conceived a baby girl.
Unfortunately, the baby had complications.
Jon and Mika were scared that the baby would die.
Jon and Mika then gave birth to a boy.
Brendon used to work with mike.
One day Mike moved his chair while he was standing.
He went to sit down and fell.
Mike couldn't help but laugh at the site.
Brendon got angry because he was in serious pain.
Cara was tired of the clutter which had piled up in her garage.
She decided to plan a garage sale.
She worked with her husband to move everything out.
That weekend Cara then set up signs to advertise her sale.
Cara sold lots of items.
Lorraine always wanted to make biscuits the way her mother used to.
She decides to take a month away from work and only make biscuits.
Finally she has perfected her biscuit recipe.
She brings her mother a biscuit and her mother says it is delicious.
Lorraine is pleased.
Joe was having his family over for the Thanksgiving holiday.
He prepared a big meal for them.
He waited for his family to arrive.
They got stuck in traffic, and were three hours late.
The meal Joe prepared was cold.
Jake wanted to make a YouTube account.
He started vlogging.
They did not get much attention.
He then started doing skits.
Many people viewed Jake's skirts.
Jackie was driving to work on the expressway.
There was a truck with a horse in the cage.
As the truck accelerated, the cage open and the horse came out.
It fell on Jackie's car window.
The window was busted, but the horse survived.
Levi was very excited about making candles with his mom.
He had went to the store with her and helped her pick out scents.
Today was the day to make the candles.
Levi helped poor the wax into the molds.
They burned their candles that evening.
I went to buy a new television last week.
After finally picking one out I took it home.
I noticed it was broken as soon as I got it out of the box.
The screen was cracked.
I was happy with the TV.
Dennis entered a surfing competition.
He did poorly at first, and he fell off a lot.
Later he did much better as the competition winded down.
Then he got the best wave of his life.
Dennis won the competition.
Ben's garden was not very good, because things grew, but not well.
Wilson showed Ben how to make compost with grass and leaves.
Ben started a compost pile in the fall with his failed plants.
Ben added leaves to his compost pile and waited until spring.
The next year his garden was beautiful and healthy.
Joe was really hungry.
There was nothing in his fridge to eat.
He couldn't find his phone to order carry-out.
Joe ordered a pizza online.
Joe paid for the delivery of some Chinese food.
Mary wanted to make plans for New Year's Eve.
She decided to have a party at her apartment.
She invited all her friends.
Her friends brought food and drinks to the party.
It was the best New Year's Eve party ever.
Jim went to the wetlands with a giant gun.
He set it up and waited for the geese to fly by.
He shot into the flock.
Two-hundred birds were hit.
Jim felt pleased.
Janice usually wears jeans to work every day.
However, now she has been promoted to manager.
She decides she needs to dress a little more formally.
Janice buys a few pairs of khakis for work.
She also bought plenty of blouses.
Juanita woke up early for a canoe ride on the lake.
She loved peacefully rowing the canoe before anyone else was awake.
This morning she was shocked to see a stork flying across the lake.
As she took a picture, she lost her balance and fell into the water.
Juanita climbed back into the boat.
Jody was a very hard worker.
She always did her best and often worked overtime.
Jody's boss noticed her efforts and decided to give her a promotion.
Her hard work had paid off!
Jody was fired on the spot.
Charlie would eat anything.
He was small, even for a chihuahua, but he loved food.
His crowning triumph was when he stole a large pizza.
Dismayed, his family rushed him a mean person they called Vet.
The two then caused more problems.
Nora wanted to go on vacation.
She decided to visit the mountain cabin.
The cabin was beautiful, set in the woods, beside a stream.
Nora loved to picnic by the stream.
She spread out a blanket and had a lovely picnic.
Marcy is a deaf woman who lives alone.
She told her friend the hardest thing is communicating with strangers.
Her friend told her to take pen and paper so she could communicate.
Marcy began doing this, and found it much easier to do things alone.
She thanked her friend for the advice.
Fancy is the name of Sharon's miniature schnauzer.
Fancy turned 14 Year's old yesterday.
Schnauzers usually don't live that long.
Sharon feels lucky to have had Fancy since she was a puppy.
Sharon knew her time with Fancy was short.
Keith lived in an area that had occasional earthquakes.
But he thought keeping an first aid kit was unnecessary.
The next day, he cut his hand while cutting food.
And he had to drive himself to a hospital.
Keith's car then skidded off the road when an earthquake struck.
Sean wanted to go out for a picnic.
He packed himself a lunch in a basket.
Then, he rode his bike off to a field.
In the field, he ate his picnic.
Sean hated dining al fresco.
The parents were beyond delighted by the birth of their daughter.
They named her Joy.
About two Year's later they had their second child, a boy.
While happy and grateful, they were somewhat less enthused.
Their son was difficult to take care of compared to Joy.
Chris wanted a pack of gum, but he didn't have any money.
He decided to steal the gum from the store.
The store owner caught Chris stealing the gum, and he got in trouble.
Chris felt terrible.
Chris begged for mercy.
Neil took a flight into Bangkok.
He walked around to see the sights.
There were so many delicious local foods!
And the souvenirs were wonderful, too!
Neil stayed some extra days in Bangkok because of all the fun.
Amy wanted to straighten her curly hair.
She went to the store and purchased a flat iron straightener.
She washed and then spent 2 hours straightening her hair.
It rained and her hair got wet.
Amy was devastated.
I love this one Italian place by my girlfriend's house.
We go there together all the time and it's always amazing.
I love their pasta selection and the prices are amazing!
We've been going there for so long that the staff knows what we get.
It's so gross that I warned my friends to never eat there.
Mike is a cop who got shot in the leg.
He had never gotten shot before, it made him think about life.
He didn't know if he would go back to work.
He saw the crime on the news that night.
Mike laughed hysterically.
Tracy never believed in marriage.
Doug taught Tracy how to feel love again.
Doug and Tracy made a commitment to each other.
Doug broke his wedding vows to Tracy.
Tracy was happy with Doug.
Joseph was at the library.
He wanted a new book but had no idea what to get.
With so many choices, he felt overwhelmed.
He decided on a new method of choosing a book.
He closed his eyes and picked one.
Neil loved Dublin!
He thought the Irish capital was lively and friendly.
But his favorite place was Trinity College.
He saw the ancient Book of Kells on display there.
He enjoyed his stay in the country.
Last night I got woken up by a call.
My friend had a flat tired and was stuck in the middle of the road.
I had to go out in the middle of the night to help.
It was cold and annoying but I was able to help put the spare on.
The friend was very grateful for the help.
Grace came home from work one summer day.
She opened the freezer to get ice cubes for a cold drink.
But then she found something awful.
The power had cut out and all the ice was melted!
Grace was very disappointed.
Harrison was playing a game of volleyball with friends.
He hit the ball over the net and scored a point.
However emily, on the opposing team also scored.
The game was tied, until Harrison scored the winning point.
Harrison got angry with Emily.
Sally entered a contest online and won some gift cards.
The person in charge of prizes got her address and mailed them out.
Sally got them in the mail a few days later.
She went online and decided what she'd like to buy.
She found a cool item and then happily bought it.
Fred decides that he would like to start remembering his daily life.
He goes to the local store and buys a diary.
From that day forward, Fred records everything he does in his diary.
Year's later Fred references the diary to see how he spent his time.
Fred didn't like his diary.
Sky went to Turkey with her class.
She landed in Istanbul and started sightseeing.
All the students loved the architecture.
And they thought the food was great too!
Sky wanted to leave as soon as possible.
Joss's family was hosting an exchange student.
Joss was afraid she and the new girl would not get along.
But when the girl arrived, they liked each other!
They soon were shopping and chatting together all the time.
Joss told her mom that the exchange student was mean.
Joe and Mary invited friends over for dinner.
The gathered in the kitchen and prepared pizza.
As the pizza cooked, the couples got board games.
The played games for hours.
The all decided to never do it again.
I love to play baseball but I hate watching baseball.
It's fun to play but honestly it's so boring to watch.
My dad loves to watch it and I sometimes sit with him and watch.
We talk about the old days when we used to play together outside.
I wish he would pass away already.
The upstairs neighbors are always stomping around.
Even late at night.
They're almost always home.
I tried talking to them about it and they said they'd be quieter.
Less than an hour later, they're stomping around again.
Robbie wanted to buy a new hat.
He drove an hour just to get the new hat he wanted.
Finally when he got there he got the last one.
When he tried it on it fit perfectly.
He wore it everyday.
Neil knew what he had to do on his visit to Dublin.
He couldn't leave the city without visiting its many pubs!
Neil saw dozens of pubs and had dozens of pints.
He got very tipsy, but he remembered one thing for sure.
He remembered to invest in gold.
Francisco is jealous of all his friends who go skiing in the winter.
He decides he wants to ski too.
Francisco works with an instructor to learn how to ski.
He practices very hard.
Francisco became a good surfer.
Sai normally hated picture days at school.
They were tedious and he never looked as nice as some other kids.
To try and help Sai feel better, his mom bought him a new sweater.
Sai wore the sweater to picture day and got a lot of compliments.
Sal felt rotten.
Alycia parked her car on the street and headed into town.
She joined her friends and they had a great night.
It got late, and Alycia's car seemed to not be where she left it.
Before long, all ten friends had joined in the car finding adventure.
The friends found Alycia's truck.
My mother used to have a pet goat.
She took very good care of it.
One day, she realized the goat was missing.
She asked her mother where it was.
Katie was disappointed when her mother said the back yard.
The game was tied.
The last point made would determine the winner of the match.
Eric served the tennis ball to Bill.
Bill almost missed the ball, but he managed to hit it.
Eric hit the ball with his baseball bat.
It was the end of summer, and time for back to school shopping.
It was the first year Gina's mom let them come with.
She took them to the Marshall's near their home.
There were only a few things in their price range.
Gina was very happy with the outfit she picked out.
A squirrel lived in the tree in my mom's yard.
She began to feed it peanuts.
One day, she noticed there were now lots of squirrels in her tree.
She started to feed them all peanuts.
She then scared away the squirrels.
Gina had detention.
It was her first time.
She talked with friends outside the room while pretending to be cool.
Inside her stomach was turning in knots.
Gina was natural rebel.
Alicia liked where she lived.
One day, her parents told her they were moving.
She was very sad.
On moving day she said goodbye to her friends.
Then they moved to their new house.
Brian was asked to watch his friends dog.
They left a notebook to keep a log.
He would update it with the times he went there.
Right before he came back he left a message regarding their time.
He was happy that his friends considered him trustworthy.
Last night I marked baked chicken.
When I put in the oven, I walked away.
To my dismay I smelled something burnt.
I looked in the oven and the chicken was ruined.
I ordered pizza to eat instead.
Laura woke up early to make it to her class on time.
She made herself breakfast before she left for school.
After breakfast, Laura left her house and got on the bus.
When she got to school, she saw a sign that said class cancelled!
Laura felt she had wasted her time.
The girls went to a bar.
They opened a tab.
They had a few drinks.
They finally decided to close their tab.
They went home talking about their night.
Last week I had to give a big speech.
I never prepared and only new the very basics.
I figured i would just go in and fake it.
I used big words and tried to sound smart.
It worked and the speech was received well.
There Was this amazing Italian place down the street from Alice.
She used to go there almost every week.
She loves the pastas that they serve there.
One day she tried to go there and found out they closed down.
Alice was upset she had to settle for Chinese food.
I ran out of noodles.
I got in my car and rushed to the store.
I purchased my favorite brand of noodles.
I hurried home.
I cooked the noodles.
Pete had to meet with his realtor.
He was soon to buy a house.
Pete could not find the contract given to him by his realtor.
He looked all over his home.
He finally found it in the garage.
Fred loved the amusement park but he never rode a roller coaster.
His friends teased him that he was afraid of heights.
One day at the amusement park he decided to face his fears.
Fred rode the fastest and scariest roller coaster at the park!
He decided to go home and cry.
Wendy bought some bath oil online.
She misread the directions and applied it all over her body.
To her horror, her skin had turned pink.
She complained to the company promptly.
Wendy happily bought more of the bath oil.
Jackson had always avoided drinking anything alcoholic.
He knew that alcohol was unhealthy and could impair judgement.
However, one day Jackson's boss invited him to a bar for a beer.
Jackson found that he loved the taste of beer.
He decided to have two.
A frog was hungry for a late dinner.
He looked across the pond and spied a fly.
The frog swam up to the fly quietly.
Unfortunately, the fly saw him coming and buzzed away.
The frog had never had such a full stomach in his entire life.
Oscar never made his bed.
His mom always wanted him to.
Finally he decided to start making his bed.
His mom was proud.
She gave him a dessert treat.
One day I was walking through the woods.
From several yards away, I saw a red snake.
I froze immediately.
I began to slowly walk backwards.
Then I ran towards the snake.
Matthew's mother was busy working on the computer.
Matthew screamed.
Matthew stomped.
Matthew's mother relented and abandoned her work.
Matthew's mother finished all of her work on the computer.
I used to hunt often.
This past time I went home, I hunted at night.
I was quiet for a long time.
Finally, I saw something moving in the dark.
I ignored it and went home.
Jack and Chad climbed down the Grand Canyon Wall.
Jack paused to take a picture, leaning to get a good shot angle.
Jack accidentally sat on a cactus.
Needles were now stuck in Jack's pants.
It took 20 minutes to remove the needles and continue climbing.
Amy, Lynn and Kim walked to the store near Lynn's house.
While there they saw Lynn's crush Jim.
He was a bag boy at the store.
They stopped and talked to him for awhile.
Jim asked Lynn on a date.
Riley was not very popular at school.
She wore funny clothes.
One day, her friend suggested they do makeovers.
Riley agreed to make herself over.
Riley looked much better and was well received.
Aya wanted to be a model.
She thought she had a chance since she was thin and pretty.
So she entered her town's annual modeling contest.
To her shock, she won the contest.
Aya was very happy about the outcome of the contest.
Jared was grounded for a week.
He never cleaned his room.
His parents told him he would get days off for dusting.
He went around dusting the entire house.
His parents gave him three days off.
Anna was walking to school one morning.
She entered the crosswalk on the main road.
A car suddenly flew into it and struck her.
Anna was crushed and her leg was broken.
Anna sued them but got nothing because they had no insurance.
Ron and Kim wanted a new house.
Ron decided to work overtime at work as much as he could.
In a few Years he had saved all his overtime pay and had lots of cash.
He and Kim started shopping for a new, bigger home.
They purchased a nice home in a new neighborhood.
I wrote an ebook that needed a cover.
I made several book covers in Photoshop.
I shared my creations with several people.
I asked people to vote for Cover A or Cover B.
I have no computer.
We bought a new cat post last week.
The old one was very worn.
Our cat is very picky.
It the post is not made of sisal she will reject it.
The cat accepted the new post made of sisal.
Daniel wanted to establish himself as a writer.
Daniel made a website where he could post article he wrote.
The website slowly built and gained attention.
The building and gaining was too slow for Daniel to succeed.
Daniel hated writing.
Jeff had the basketball in his hand.
Gary was waving his hands in the air since he was open for a shot.
Jeff ignored him and ran towards the hoop.
Two guards were approaching him.
The guards stole the ball from Jeff.
Daddy took us to the woods to camp.
He taught us how to build a fire with sticks.
He helped us learn how to make our own tents.
We fell asleep counting the stars in the sky.
We will never camp again.
During the end of the week, I went to the local market.
Since several items were for sale, I've looked at them.
Some were vegetables and juice containers for a 50% discount.
I took several of the items and went to the checkout.
I liked getting a good deal.
Joey worked for a great company but her hours were cut.
The company said they had to let her go and laid her off.
Joey began looking for another job right away.
She had a hard time finding work but gave job searching her all.
Joey finally received a call from an employer and got the job.
Joe lived a lonely life.
He never had anything to do but watch tv.
One day he decided to meet people on craigslist.
He was able to make new friends.
Joe ordered some new cable channels, but was still unhappy.
Nya tried to eat healthy and watch her weight.
But one night she was craving comfort food.
She decided to order some fried chicken and mashed potatoes.
She ate the greasy, fatty food with relish.
Nya decided to eat the same thing everyday.
It is usually calm and warm in the morning, in Florida.
Yesterday morning it was very windy, though.
The palm tree fronds were blowing so hard they scraped the windows.
I turned on the TV and a tornado warning came on!
A tornado came within 2 blocks of the house!
I've been on an art kick lately.
I received a drawing instruction book for Christmas.
The book has a shopping list of necessary drawing supplies.
I went to the store the other day and bought what I needed.
I decided I didn't like drawing.
Lisa began to realize that she did not enjoy studying business.
She wanted to study art but was worried about making money.
Finally, one day she had the courage to drop out of school.
Her friends and family told her it was crazy to leave school.
Lisa still felt confident that her choice would make her happy.
Mary wanted to go to a late movie.
Unfortunately she had school and strict parents.
She waited until everyone fell asleep and sneaked out.
She saw the movie with friends and had a great time.
When her parents caught her she was grounded.
Ivy had been asked on an unconventional date.
Her crush Peter had asked her to go hiking!
Ivy agreed.
They went to the woods and hiked for hours.
Afterwards they watched the sunset from a cliff.
A man went to design the tallest tower in the world.
He drew plans to make it twice as high as the current tallest.
He took the plans to a developer to build.
The developer asked him how tall to build the tower.
The Man was not a building designer.
Lauren and her sisters are visiting Jacksonville Florida this week.
On the last day of their trip they want a picture together.
Lauren and her sisters pose in front of a cute cafe.
She has the picture developed and sends each sister a copy.
She gawked at how much her and her sister look alike.
Liz was babysitting a 5 year old boy.
He wanted to play hide and seek.
She found him a few times but then he disappeared.
She was getting frantic as she searched the house for him.
Liz got bored of the game and took a nap.
Mark was running late to work.
He tried to get their on time by driving over the speed limit.
A traffic cop pulled him over.
He was given a speeding ticket.
Mark ended up being late for work.
Amy always wanted to play the flute.
The first day of band she told the teacher so.
She practiced on her flute everyday for a week.
It was terribly hard to play the flute.
Amy was very committed.
Emily took her child to the zoo.
The saw many animals, including lions.
Her child was very afraid of the lions.
He started to scream and cry.
Emily's child walked closer to the lions.
Kim could have a puppy if she scored a basket in the game.
She practiced all day at home.
She practiced in the gym after school with her team.
Finally it was the day of the big game.
Kim scored a basket and got a puppy.
Kayla hadn't been to a social event in nearly three Year's.
She was suffering from crippling anxiety.
The longer she went without interacting, the more difficult it became.
Her brother was nervous for her and took her to a therapist.
Kayla thought it was the best date she'd ever had.
Ricky fell while hiking in the woods.
He was terrified!
He thought he had fallen into a patch of poison ivy.
Then he used his nature guide to identify the plant.
He was relieved to find out he was wrong.
My husband loves Blue Belle ice cream.
Not too long ago, Blue Belle had a recall and quit producing.
My son works at Kroger, they recently had a meeting about Blue Belle.
Blue Belle ice cream arrived at Kroger last week.
My husband is so grateful!
Ralph hates shopping.
His mom makes him go.
They are there for a long time.
Ralph helps his mom load and unload the groceries.
Ralph's mom punishes him for refusing to help.
Kayla borrowed a book from her sister.
She brought the book with her to a coffee shop to read.
Kayla accidentally spilled some of her vanilla latte on the book.
She immediately went home to inform her sister.
Kayla was an only child.
Laura told a story of burning bras in the 60's.
The crowd went wild after learning this personal information.
Laura assured the crowd that was long ago.
She put her bid in for President.
Laura was then impeached by the country.
Charlie wanted to be a police officer in Hawaii.
He passed his tests and was hired in Honolulu.
Charlie liked interacting with the community.
Charlie didn't like the amount of corruption in the force.
Charlie started taking bribes.
Sean's roommates notice that his clothes and bed start to smell.
They tell him he needs to clean his laundry pretty soon.
Sean protests at first, but finally he cleans his laundry.
His roommates are grateful that Sean no longer smells as bad.
Sean's roommates got very angry that he wasn't listening.
My friend wants to be a doctor, so she took the MCAT.
The first time she took it, she did not get a good enough score.
She studied very hard and took it again.
This time, she did very well!
She never discussed it again, and didn't become a doctor.
Kelly went down to the ocean to relax.
She immediately went and put her feet in.
As she put her feet in however, the wave captured her.
Her clothes got soaked.
Kelly went home to change into dry clothes.
Ben was excited to go fishing with his grandfather for the first time.
However, he found putting the worms on the hook to be disgusting.
He accidentally pricked his finger with one of the hooks, too.
Ben soon realized that fishing was not for him.
Ben asked his grandfather when they could go fishing next.
Amelia was getting ready for a date at a nice Italian restaurant.
Amelia's friend had set her up on a blind date a week prior.
She got to the restaurant early and waited for her date.
Thirty minutes had passed and her date did not show up.
Amelia went back home.
The mom really wanted to get the boy's picture with Santa.
The boy was scared and refused.
The mom told the boy that Santa was responsible for bringing presents.
This changed the boy's mind.
The boy hoped to get lots of presents from Santa!
Stewart tried to finish his favorite task before going to bed.
He got so engrossed in it, he forgot to keep the fire going.
Shivering, he pulled a bunch of blankets around himself.
He became very warm and content.
When he woke up it was freezing.
Anthony wanted to learn how to speak Spanish.
He found an online Spanish course, and he enrolled.
Anthony studied hard, and eventually he learned the language.
Anthony speaks Spanish fluently now.
Anthony became successful because of his linguistic abilities.
Amy went to the grocery store after work.
She had a short list of items to buy.
The store was out of half the items.
Amy had to go to a second grocery store.
She bought two skirts and a blouse.
Joanie got ready to blow dry her hair for a date.
She was upset to find her blow dryer missing.
Then, Joanie heard a familiar sound coming from outside.
She saw her brother using the blow dryer.
Joanie was pleased with her brother.
Cornelia decides that she wants to rearrange her apartment.
Her bed has stood next to the wall for many Year's.
Cornelia moves her bed to sit next to the window.
When her friends sees her new arrangement, they love it.
Cornelia then moved her bed back to where it was.
Tim loved his motorcycle.
He rode it whenever he could.
Up until last week when he wrecked.
Now he almost never rides it.
Tim feels safe when he rides his motorcycle.
Wendy landed her first job as a nurse at a nursing home.
She really loved her job and connected with the residents.
She really enjoyed talking to a little old lady in particular.
One day, the lady showed her pictures of her children.
Wendy ran out of the room crying.
Lester was proud that he had spent Years without a cell phone.
He liked to think he was less dependent on technology than others.
However, one day his car had a flat tire and he wished he had a phone.
He did not want to have an experience like that again.
Lester continued his life without a cell phone.
Ben needed an oil change in his car.
He knew they were quite expensive.
Then he saw a coupon in the paper.
Ben cut it out and took it to the garage.
Ben was able to get his oil changed.
I woke up hungry.
I poured a bowl of cereal but found I did not have any milk.
After contemplating using water I decided to go to the store.
I walked to the corner and got a half gallon of 2%.
I came home and ate cereal.
Anna had a saltwater fish tank.
She only kept coral in it.
Then she decided she wanted some fish, too.
She bought a few small clownfish and triggers.
Anna soon returned the fish to the store.
Holly was a beautiful black cat that Lee loved very much.
Saddly, Holy got very sick and Lee had to put her to sleep.
Lee was very sad missing Holly everyday.
One day soon after a little black kitten showed up at Lee's back door.
Lee decided to adopt a puppy.
Bob needed a new pair of socks.
He went to the local department store to buy them.
The store was having a big sale.
He found himself buying lots of great stuff.
Bob really enjoyed his shopping trip.
Young Reggie loved playing and watching american football.
His favorite player was running back Jamal Lewis.
He was at the Salt Lake Airport with his family and saw his hero.
He went up to him saying that he will also play professional football.
Jamal Lewis gave him personal advice and wished him the best.
Ella found a tiny robin on the ground.
She knew it must have fallen from its nest.
She wrapped it carefully and made it a safe home.
Then she fed it worms by hand.
She liked taking care of the robin.
I made a resolution to quit my job.
I wrote my letter of resignation.
I quietly went to the office and turned it in.
I quit my job.
I'm now free to pursue a career that will make me happy.
I put the black plastic rose in a vase with water.
I left it atop my bookcase for a few weeks.
Ten people asked me about it.
They wanted to know why I had a watered, fake flower.
Honestly, I didn't really know why either.
Ben decided to treat himself to a coffee.
He paid for the coffee using his debit card.
Later, the bank called him saying he over-drafted.
They explained that he had to pay a thirty dollar charge.
Ben was frustrated at the extra charge.
Chris was on his second layover of the week.
Pacing around the airport, he decided he would make use of this time.
Installing an app on his phone, he began practicing his french.
Another patron of the airport overheard him and offered him assistance
The patron helped teach Chris how to speak basic French.
When I was a kid, Google started for the first time.
I remember asking my dad how to use the site.
He showed me how to type and search anything I wanted.
I became enthralled, and spent every day at my desk having fun.
I learned a lot from Google.
Jeff was up for a promotion in which he would have to interview for.
He went home and studied real hard, memorizing his answers.
He prepped for many days until he felt prepared for the interview.
He went in for his interview and passed with flying colors!
He was pleased when he was given the promotion.
Fred's boss called him into the office at the propane filling station.
He told Fred that times were tough and he had to be laid off.
Fred became very angry about this.
He picked up his boss by the collar and threw him down.
Fred's boss gave him a large hug.
My sister in law is trying to save money.
She is a recent widow living on a pension.
She recently returned two of three cable boxes.
I told her that antennas work well now that broadcasts are HD.
She bought more cable boxes.
Victor has always prided himself on trying new foods.
However, he has never eaten a pistachio.
One day he buys a jar of pistachios to eat at home.
He loves how they taste.
Victor decides to start buying pistachios regularly.
It was a gorgeous day outside.
Emily wanted to take advantage of the great weather.
She decided to go to the park.
Emily was disappointed when she found out her car wouldn't start.
She asked her neighbor for a jump-start.
Tom was tired of everyday life.
So, he decided to move off the grid.
His first week was ok, but soon he ran out of water.
He suffered for two days and still couldn't find any.
Eventually Tom went back on the grid.
Tim wanted to learn astronomy.
He wanted to go into outer space.
However he was to young to be an astronaut.
This news made him sad.
Tim worked hard in school to become one.
Fred decided to buy some shares of Apple.
The stock price was 90 dollars when he bought it.
Luckily they had great earnings yesterday.
The stock then went up to 100 dollars.
Fred regretted his stock purchase.
Jen was so confident in her preparations for the county spelling bee.
She had spent the past month studying the dictionary every night.
When the Bee started, Jen survived as others got knocked out.
It all came down to the final two and Jen's opponent had messed up.
Jen won the spelling bee!
Kelly hasn't left her apartment in years.
I went up to her place today to say hello.
I could tell she was reluctant to let me in.
We talked for a while about how she's doing.
Kelly loves to have visitors.
Emily was at the beach.
The weather started out tranquil.
Suddenly the wind began to pick up severely.
Anna was caught in a scary sandstorm!
She had a wonderful time on the beach.
Andrew had never been in trouble for anything.
His parents were out of town for the week.
Andrew's friends came over and wanted to drink.
So Andrew took out his parents secret stash of alcohol.
Andrew wished his parents had alcohol.
Ellen used to live in the country.
She misses having days with the power out.
One day an ice storm caused the power to go out in her city home.
She got very cold.
She was happy when the power came back on.
Mike was sitting at his desk.
But suddenly, he felt a strange itching sensation on his arm.
He felt his legs become itchy too.
And then his face.
Mike had a stroke.
The principal announced there would be a school dance that Friday.
Mary became excited about the dance.
She wanted Dan to ask her to the school dance.
Dan saw Mary in the hallway and told her he needed to talk to her.
He blamed her for stealing his bike.
A new Organic Avenue store opened up in NYC and I checked it out.
I was super excited to try it because I never went before.
As I walked in, they had amazing salads and juices to try.
I tried a summer salad and coconut water.
I decided never to go back to that restaurant.
I joined a fantasy football league for the first time this year.
I joined my buddy's group because they needed one more person.
I've never played before in my life.
I ended up winning first place!
I was very excited.
Helen got up for work early.
It snowed the night before so she had to shovel her car out.
It took her an hour to clear the snow.
Heading back in the house to get ready, she heard a familiar sound.
She had left the shower running.
After the state basketball championship reporters interviewed the team.
Dan asked if this was live or recorded.
The journalist informed him it was a live show.
Dan said to the camera his father was his inspiration.
Dan admired his father.
Jeremy has a distinct and strong personality.
He had a bad time with his job and got fired.
He spoke some unflattering things to his manager and co-workers.
Since then, he's found it difficult to find a job.
Jeremy has a difficult manner for the workplace.
Fran bought a house on the beach.
Everyday the cranes would feed off of the bugs in her yard.
One day though the cranes stopped coming around.
Several months went by and still no cranes
Fran's yard is now overrun with bugs.
Our team had a football game today.
We were all pumped to win.
We got on the field and practiced before the game.
Our team was unified, and worked together.
Our team was ashamed of their performance.
Kelly hated math class and struggled to learn the concepts.
She struggled a lot with the work and often sought help from teachers.
She worked very hard and it paid off with good grades.
She was entering college in the fall.
She dropped out of college.
Sophie's nana was terminally ill.
Sophie visited her in the hospital to say goodbye.
Her nana gave Sophie her prized gold locket.
She told Sophie to keep it to remember her by.
Sophie cried.
Kelly had a new job interview today.
She got ready in ten minutes and raced out the door.
When she got there and met with the woman, she answered questions.
When the interview was done, they told her they would call her back.
Kelly hoped that she would get a call soon.
Zack and his friends passed a scary house on their walks to school.
One day, they decided to go inside it.
Zack and his friends went inside every room.
The house was old and abandoned.
They decided to play baseball there.
Mia went to the casino last night.
She began the night by playing some poker.
After losing a considerable amount of money, she played slots.
She was nearly out of money when the herd RING RING RING.
Mia won a jackpot!
Portia loves walking through the woods nearby her house.
However, she notices that her sneakers are becoming muddy and gross.
She decides to buy a pair of hiking boots.
Portia finds a pair that is comfortable and not too expensive.
She is happy with her selection.
Andrew was getting married tomorrow.
He had bought the wedding ring months before and couldn't find it!
He looked everywhere in his house.
Finally he remembered that it was back at the store to get resized.
Andrew was disappointed he found the ring.
Terry found 2 hundred dollars at work.
He took the money home but he wondered if he did the right thing.
The next day he took the money to work and turned it in.
After a week no one claimed the money so his boss gave it back to him.
He hated his decision and himself.
I love taking long warm showers.
They feel great and they're fun.
Unfortunately they're wasteful.
So I always feel bad when I take one.
That's why I take two of them every day.
Barry loves playing baseball.
Barry decided that he would go and watch a professional game.
Barry went to the stadium, and purchased a ticket.
Upon entering, Barry decided to grab a beer to drink.
Barry also bought a hot dog.
We had fruit flies in our home last year.
We looked up various treatments.
We tried red wine in bowls.
When that didn't work we bought a special trap.
We put out more red wine bowls after the results we saw.
Heather and Marcus were ready for the next step in their relationship.
They were happy newlyweds, but wanted an addition to their family.
Although not quite ready for kids, they still felt lonely.
On a whim, they went to an animal shelter and fell in love with a cat.
They adopted the cat.
Lots of people were walking to class.
They all wanted to get there fast.
People started pushing others out of the way.
They fell down.
They all went back home.
Last Saturday I went to an Azalea concert.
The concert was amazing.
I got to be in the front row.
After the show I went backstage to meet her.
Azalea was very cool.
Eric has always been overweight.
His new year's resolution was to stick to a diet.
He went to the gym in January and ate healthier.
That last about a month.
Eric then gave up working out.
Sally was struggling to do well in school.
Her parents decided they needed to motivate her.
They said if she did well her last semester, she picks the vacation.
Sally studied night and day, she wanted to do well.
After she finished studying, Sally collected firewood.
When I was a kid, my siblings and I needed money.
We came up with the idea for a lemonade stand.
We decided to set up outside our house.
We sold lemonade to a few dozen people.
We did not make any money.
I loved flashlights as a kid.
When I got older I bought small clip on flashlights.
I put them on my bag to use in case of emergencies.
Later, the advent of the smartphone made flashlights less needed.
My house is now full of flashlights I don't know what to do with.
Terry hated his name.
He wanted a cool name like Super Metro Volcano Man.
He told his mother he wanted to change his name.
His mother explained that he was named after his loving grandfather.
Terry was forty five years old.
The Parker family was looking for a new house.
They looked all over town but couldn't find a home they wanted.
Finally they found a beautiful home they loved.
The home was absolutely gorgeous.
The Parker family was frustrated.
Tom decided to drive to his girlfriend's house today.
He drove as fast as he can although there was a lot of traffic.
When he got into the front of the house, he rang the doorbell.
No one answered however, the front door was open.
Tom began to laugh.
Kelly's car battery died.
She tried to have it jumped but it didn't work.
Eventually she took it to the auto store.
They checked it for her and it was dead.
Kelly was relieved that the battery was still good.
Joe bought a skateboard with his savings.
He took his new skateboard to the park to show it off to his friends.
While doing a trick, Joe fell and broke his arm.
He spent four hours at the hospital getting his arm set.
After he left the hospital, Joe went surfing.
Neil had enjoyed Chinese food in Hunan.
But he was told the spicier food was in Szechuan province.
Intrigued, he took a train there.
Then he ordered a plate of rice and noodles.
He felt like his mouth was on fire.
I spent most of my detention time sleeping class.
My teacher told me to wake up since no sleeping was aloud.
I tried to remain awake and work on a few assignments.
When my teacher escorted me out of the class, I was happy.
When I got home I went right to bed.
Amanda was watching a squirrel collect acorns.
Amanda was fascinated with how efficient the squirrel was.
Amanda watched the squirrel as he carried the acorns to his nest.
Amanda also saw how the squirrel was very watchful over the acorns.
Amanda enjoys learning about nature.
Terry loves to swim but he never learned how to dive.
He always jumps in the water feet first.
This summer Terry decides he wants to learn how to dive in the water.
He practices diving very hard every day.
Terry hope to improve.
Kaylee went to work at Cedar Point, the amusement park.
While working at Cedar Point, she met James.
Kaylee and James started to like each other and soon started dating.
One year later, James proposed to Kaylee.
Kaylee and James were married in the fall.
Joanie was interviewing for her first job.
She was very nervous.
She really wanted to get the position at the ice cream shop.
She thought the interview went pretty well.
She turned down the job when the manager offered it to her.
Ana was a hardworking mom.
One day she booked herself an afternoon at a spa.
She had her whole body massaged.
She even had hydrotherapy sessions.
Someday, she told herself, she would get a full-body massage.
Bob was a worker on Mechanical Turk.
He got a fifty dollar bonus.
Bob was happy because it was the biggest bonus he had gotten.
Bob put on his glasses and realized it was actually five dollars.
Bob was even more happy than before.
Mom didn't want to cook dinner tonight.
We were all very hungry.
She told us to fend for ourselves.
We ate cold cereal for dinner tonight.
We were all very upset.
The children were inside playing when they heard music.
They ran to their mother and begged for change.
She handed them a couple of dollars.
They took off running outside, catching up to the ice cream truck.
The children threw the money in the street.
We wanted to go to the beach one weekend.
After discussing it, we didn't want to drive.
We proceeded to look online for an airplane ticket.
After purchasing a cheap ticket, we headed to the airport.
We boarded a flight to the beach.
Susan woke up early.
She had to feed the animals before work.
She found that her rabbit had bunnies.
Susan was very pleased at the sight of them.
Susan left feeling very angry.
I always try to go to bed on time.
Last night I was hooked watching a new tv show.
Before I knew it it was really late.
I should have been asleep hours ago.
The television show had hooked me in.
Howard was feeling happy one morning.
He decided to spend all day enjoying his life.
All day, while at work, he complimented his coworkers.
When he got home, he took his family to see a movie and have dinner.
Howard was happy to have had such a good day.
Trent's family owned a camping supply store.
Trent hated camping though.
Every summer his parents made him go on a camping trip.
This summer Trent was in charge of keeping the fire going in the wind.
Trent charged two pitchers of sangria to his parent's room.
George decided to buy a TV.
He found a very nice TV that he wanted and went to pick it up.
A few days later, George awoke to a surprise.
His TV had been stolen.
He told the police, who said they weren't likely to find it.
Tommy was 17 when he dyed his hair pink.
He thought it was punk and cool.
Some of his friends agreed.
His parents thought it was stupid.
They loved the new look that Tommy chose.
Robbie was looking for help shoveling her car out of the snow.
She posted on Facebook, hoping somebody would see.
Cameron saw the post, and felt sympathy for Robbie and her car.
Since he had the day off work, Cameron said he could help.
Cameron came by and helped Robbie shovel.
Ronald kicked his shoes off and laid on the couch for a nap.
When he woke up, he went to put his shoes on.
But he couldn't lace them up because the strings were missing!
He looked all over but couldn't find them.
Ronald put on his shoes and laced them up.
Sara learned that she was expecting a child.
She made it through the nine months of pregnancy.
One day her water broke and she was taken to the hospital.
Sara was in labor for 4 hours.
Sara had a baby boy.
Last year my uncle bought a metal detector.
He takes it to the beach every weekend.
A few months ago he found a Rolex.
It was worth a few hundred dollars.
My uncle hates the beach.
I went to babysit my 5-year-old nephew in San Francisco.
My sister encouraged me to bike her kid to school.
I was afraid to bike across the city with my nephew in tow.
Instead, we biked through Golden Gate Park to the beach and the zoo.
I do not have a sister.
Alice's friends invited her out to lunch.
She drove out to meet them at a restaurant.
Her friends were waiting at a table but had already ordered.
By the time she had her food, they were already done eating.
Alice felt her friends were slightly thoughtless.
My children and I visited the local animal shelter.
We looked at puppies and kittens in their cages.
My daughters picked out a friendly puppy.
They played with her and rubbed her belly.
I adopted the puppy for my daughter.
Zeke was tired of living in America.
He decided to move to Cozumel.
He went to the Cozumel beach and bought some land.
Zeke decided to build a house on that land.
Zeke then happily moved to America.
Kelly wanted to be in the Navy.
She asked a recruiter about it.
He advised her to complete an application.
She filled it out and submitted it.
The navy got back to her promptly.
Gina was in the lunch room at her new school.
She only knew 2 people in the whole school.
Neither of them was in this lunch room.
She got her food and went outside.
Gina had a great day.
Today we went on a plane ride.
The plane was very big, I was scared.
When we got on the plane Mom told me it will be fun.
The plane made a lot of loud noises but it wasn't too bad.
I vowed to never get on a plane again.
Adam needed a new baseball cap.
He looked online at different hats.
He selected the perfect hat and ordered it.
He was so excited to receive it.
He threw the box in the closet.
Neil had just arrived in Paris.
He could not wait to see all the culture there!
He spend his first day seeing art work.
He visited three museums in just one day!
Neil felt very happy and satisfied that he'd been able to visit.
Jessica was getting ready to graduate from college.
She worked very hard in school and thought she deserved a reward.
Her father knew that Jessica wanted a vacation.
On her graduation day, Jessica's father surprised her with tickets.
Jessica was very happy.
Sandy had purchased a new bed.
She needed to clean her room before the delivery men arrived.
She also needed to get rid of her old bed.
Her friend Jim wanted her old bed.
Sandy threw her bed away.
In college, I had some terrible professors.
They did not know how to teach the students.
So, I learned to teach myself on my own.
Instead of going to class, I went to the library and did exactly that.
I loved all of my professors.
Timmy knew about this cute girl he went to school with.
He followed her home one day.
She stopped at a corner as he was following her.
Timmy realized he had been caught, and was not sure what to do.
He said hello and they began talking.
Neil was visiting Egypt.
He took a tour to see the Great Pyramids.
He stared up at them in awe.
They were so huge and ornate!
Neil was fascinated by the scale and beauty of the pyramids.
Jen fell asleep with bleach in her hair.
She only meant to leave it in for about 5 minutes, not nearly an hour.
When she rinsed it out her hair was white with a blue tinge.
She was in a panic but her mother said they could fix it.
Jen put more bleach in her hair.
Doug was sad it was Christmas Eve and there was no snow.
All Doug wanted was a white Christmas.
He prayed to God for snow and went to sleep.
When he woke up the next morning the room was filled with light.
Doug looked out the window and saw a blanket of white snow.
Joe stretched as he rolled over in bed.
His clock showed it was 10 am.
He jumped out of bed, panicked.
His alarm hadn't gone off.
Joe was late for work.
Ned's wife said he'd passed away quietly in his sleep.
His wife told all her friends she hadn't known he was ill.
She swore it was the weirdest thing she'd ever seen.
The police didn't buy her story and arrested her.
The police didn't question her.
My family wanted a pet.
We went to the pet store on Saturday.
We saw lots of dogs and kittens.
We fell in love with a cute black kitten.
We bought a chihuahua.
Joe's sister was always having her tests put up on the refrigerator.
She got As all the time.
Joe didn't ever get As.
So he was proud when he came home with an A on his spelling homework.
His sister congratulated him.
Adam and Angel wanted to move out and get a place of their own.
They searched for apartments online for weeks.
They found a few apartments they liked quite a bit.
They went and looked at the apartments they had chosen.
Finally they decided on an apartment.
Greta was turning ten Year's old.
She wanted to throw a birthday party.
Greta handed out invitations for the party at school.
When the day of the party came, no one showed up.
Greta was happy that nobody showed up.
Shari was worried.
Her wedding was tomorrow, and it was an outdoor ceremony.
But rain was forecast!
Thankfully, the wedding day dawned clear and sunny after all.
The festivities went on without a hitch.
Amy was excited it was Christmas Eve.
She had been very good all year.
She gave the list of her favorite toys to Santa at the mall.
He told her she would receive everything she wanted.
Amy did not like Christmas at all.
Anna had been tending her garden all summer.
She went outside to harvest.
All her fruits and veggies were ready!
She picked them one by one.
Anna doesn't like vegetables.
Hannah's parents signed her up for piano lessons.
After her first piano lesson, Hannah felt discouraged.
She tried to practice as hard as she could.
Hannah could not get her fingers to work properly.
Hannah loved her fingers.
Keira found a man she thought was a keeper.
He had a great job, impressive house, and paid for all their dates.
A few months into dating, Keira started planning her wedding dress.
And then he hit her because she burned dinner.
Keira was so proud of her new boyfriend.
The shepherd opened the gate of the pen.
He sent his dog into the pasture to round up the sheep.
The dog herded the sheep towards the gate.
The sheep moved together into the pen.
The shepherd then went back to his house.
Walter was lonely ever since his wife had passed away.
He met a nice lady at bingo and became friendly with her.
He felt guilty though about what his late wife might think.
Walter had a vivid dream in which his late wife reassured him.
He asked the lady from bingo to go to dinner with him.
Marina was walking past the library.
She put her face down to avoid the harsh wind coming towards her face.
All of a sudden a tumbleweed hit Marina's legs really hard.
She looked down towards her legs but became disoriented.
She loved playing golf.
Yesterday I played the Powerball game.
I picked my numbers from our family's bible.
I purchased my tickets from a reputable online lottery agent.
I prayed nervously as the winning numbers were drawn.
I didn't win.
Amy is enrolled in an advanced Plant Biology course.
She has a test next week about Photosynthesis.
The information is complex and in depth.
She wrote a song about it to memorize the material more easily.
Amy then failed the test because she did not prepare.
Coming out of College, I was so nervous to start work.
I could barely sleep the week before my start date.
The day of, I was nauseous and jittery.
However, a congratulatory text from my parents cheered me up.
I ended up leaving early because I was sick.
Seven-year-old Ben went to play at his friend Mike's house.
Mike greeted Ben, and they went to play in Mike's room.
First, they played with Mike's quadcopters for a long time.
Then, they played with some trucks.
They had a good time together.
Kay was moving back in with her mom.
She sadly packed her things and drove to her mom's house.
Her mother helped her unpack her car.
There was no enough room for Kay's things.
Kay had to put some of her things in storage.
The girls decided to get together for dinner.
They brought their families too.
Unfortunately they got into a fight.
The staff had to throw them out.
The girls were thoroughly embarrassed.
Vinny had always hoped to meet a real life movie star.
His friends told him it was very tough to meet a movie star.
However, he did not give up hope.
One day Vinny saw Denzel Washington out taking a stroll.
Vinny kept walking.
When I was seven years old, I went swimming with some friends.
I did not know how to swim in deep water.
By accident, I slipped into the deep part of the pool.
I thought I was going to drown!
My birthday was the best day ever.
The Smith's could not find their cat.
They were afraid she had gotten outside and gotten lost.
Everyone was sad when they sat down in front of the Christmas tree.
Then they noticed her looking down at them from the top branches.
The Smith's cat meowed at the front door.
Instead of going to college right away, Flora went abroad.
She visited many European countries and met a lot of people.
When she was supposed to go home, she decided to stay in Spain.
She got a job as a tutor and had a lot of great adventures.
Flora felt forlorn because she never got to see Europe.
Joyce bought some fruit a week ago.
It was part of her new year's resolution to be healthier.
She forgot about it after a few days.
Eventually a really bad smell took over her apartment.
Joyce threw the fruit away.
Ted and some of his friends went to the lake one afternoon.
Ted's friends kept asking him to get in the water with them.
Ted didn't know how to swim.
Ted decided there was no better time to learn, so he jumped in.
Ted felt very dry.
One day, I went to the zoo with my friends.
I heard the zoo had sloths, and I had always wanted to see them.
We visited almost all of the exhibits, but did not see any sloths.
We finally found the sloths in the very last exhibit.
We decided to leave without visiting the exhibit.
A scientist discovers that there is a disease beginning to spread.
He works on a cure for the disease in his lab.
Other scientists gather to help him with his work.
Several weeks go by and they manage to develop a cure.
They feel foolish for having done so.
Yvonne had always been overweight.
For New Year's she made a resolution to start exercising.
She began jogging everyday.
In two months she had lost 23 pounds.
Yvonne was proud of herself.
India wanted to try Iced Coffee.
India decided to make her own Iced Coffee at home.
India prepared the coffee in the machine for the beverage.
India then grabbed the milk and ice for the beverage.
She then drank her hot chocolate.
Maureen has always wanted to become a Biology teacher.
She studies very hard to become an expert in Biology.
Her friends tell her that Biology is too tough for her.
However, she continues until she has her degree.
Maureen said girls didn't belong in science professions.
Cornelia had always loved working with her hands.
She decided she wanted to try building a table by herself.
She took a woodworking course to learn how to build it.
After finishing the course, Cornelia built a beautiful table.
Cornelia chopped the  table  up  for  firewood.
Bo and Jim wanted to drive fast.
They took their cars to the salt flats in Utah.
Bo hopped in his Mustang and Jim hopped in his Corvette.
They raced each other for seven miles.
Jim gave Bo a massage.
Joy's boyfriend took her to play putt putt.
He didn't realize she had been playing golf since she was a child.
She had three holes in one during their game.
She beat him by 18 points!
He laughed and asked for a re-match.
My nephew is a professional chef.
While cooking for us at our house he decided to show off a bit.
We videoed as he sliced an onion behind his back.
We were amazed how quickly he chopped and didn't get cut.
He is an awful chef.
The little sister found out she was having a baby brother.
She was excited until she found out she would no longer be the baby.
Then she started acting out.
She colored on the walls.
The little sister was given a cookie for her behavior.
I went on a hiking trip this summer.
I went to go hike away from the campsite by myself.
I got lost because I did not have any equipment on me.
I walked for miles searching for my friends.
Eventually I found some trail markers.
Jim was mowing the yard when his mower got stuck on some metal.
Jim looked closely at the metal and saw that it looked like jewelry.
He took the piece of metal to an appraiser.
The appraiser told him it was an old ring from an older civilization.
Jim sold the ring for 1000 dollars.
Kyle and Ted were in a pie eating contest.
They sat down together in front of their pies.
When the contest started, they dug in.
Both of them got horrible stomach aches.
They both felt great after eating the pies.
Bob was playing volleyball.
He suddenly felt very dizzy and fell down.
His friends quickly rushed to his aid.
Bob was dehydrated from exerting himself.
Bob said he felt bloated from drinking too much water.
Kathy realized to her horror that she was out of milk.
So she gathered her young children up and went to the store.
They were bad in the store and screamed a lot.
Kathy cried on the way home.
The children all went to bed without any dinner.
I once got lost in the woods.
It was very hot.
I soon got really thirsty.
I felt like I was going to die.
Luckily my friends found me.
Laura had a passion for art.
She would paint everyday after class.
She painted a self portrait of herself one day.
She posted it online for everyone to see.
Laura was pleased to show people her art.
Jason had always admired the fast movements of boxers he saw on TV.
He started training to become a boxer in his spare time.
He practiced jabs and jumped rope for hours each day.
Finally he was a great boxer.
He won his first fight by knockout.
Our kids had a 2 day break from school.
So we decided to take a fun trip to Great Wolf Lodge.
The kids enjoyed swimming at the water park.
We enjoyed pizza and story time after swimming.
We vowed never to return to the Great Wolf Lodge.
Tom was at the bus stop on a weekend.
Next to him was a tall gentleman.
He started yelling all of a sudden.
Tom and everyone else around him got a bit uncomfortable.
The tall gentleman asked Tom for a glass of water.
Allie lost 50 pounds.
The doctor told her she needed to lose 10 more.
If she lost 10 more he would do skin removal.
Allie dieted hard and exercised.
Allie was able to lose the 10 pounds and have the skin removal.
Jenny was addicted to sending text messages.
Jenny texted even while she was driving.
While Jenny was replying to a text she took her eyes off the road.
Jenny heard a horn honk and saw she was on the wrong side of the road.
Jenny continued to drive straight.
Elle wanted a new car.
She went to the dealership and selected the perfect one.
The dealer helped set up a payment plan for her.
Every month Elle paid five hundred dollars towards the car's price.
Elle hated driving.
Jay was having car trouble.
He puttered into the garage.
He was afraid the repair would prove costly.
But the mechanic gave him some good news.
He told Jay the repair would cost nine thousand dollars.
Don's friend pulled Don's pants down in front of his graduating class.
Don was angry and embarrassed at being exposed in this way.
Don decided that this friend would no longer be his friend.
Don's shame and embarrassment grew.
Don laughs at the experience.
One day I went outside and my dog was not there.
I panicked.
I had no idea where she was.
Suddenly, my neighbor called me from next door.
The neighbor had my dog.
I met my husband to be at Costco.
He drew horns on my membership picture and flirted wildly.
I don't know why I said yes to a date, but I did.
Five Years later, we married.
I don't love him.
Cindy was at a restaurant.
And she ordered hot soup.
But the waitress forgot to tell her that the bowl was hot.
So when received the bowl from the waitress, she hurt her hands.
Cindy went and ran cold water over her hands.
Laura has always loves swimming, but she has never tried backstroke.
She usually avoids backstroke because doesn't want water in her ears.
One day she decides to take backstroke lessons from an expert swimmer.
She finds that she loves backstroke and doesn't get water in her ears.
She works hard on perfecting her routine on the parallel bars.
One day I decided I wanted to walk into town.
It wasn't far from my house, only a few miles!
Once I arrived in town I decided to stop for coffee.
I chose an awesome little shop and sat down for lunch.
I hate bistro style dining.
Jess hated egg salad.
When her friend's mother served it, she knew she had to eat it.
Just as she was about to take a bite the family dog walked by.
No one was looking so she lowered it towards the dog.
The dog happily ate the salad.
Robbie and I went to a fancy restaurant for our anniversary.
It was very elegant.
We both had to dress formally in order to get a table.
We enjoyed TEN courses over four hours.
Robbie and I dressed up for the occasion.
Lonnie was fed up with modern life.
He decided to go off the grid.
He found a clearing in the woods and set up camp.
The first night was scary, as he heard howls and much rustling.
Lonnie did not to camp out.
Bob had to get to work in the morning.
His car battery was struggling to start the car.
He called his neighbor for a jump start.
His neighbor came over and helped him get his car running.
Bob made it to work on time.
Ava needed a plane ticket across the country.
She feared it'd be expensive.
Then the agent told her something wonderful.
She had earned enough miles to pay for her ticket!
Ava was able to fly without spending any money on her ticket.
My friend Sharon was nervous yesterday.
She found out her company wanted her to retire.
Although she has a good pension, she was still nervous.
I helped her rewrite her resume, preparing for a job search.
Sharon went out and gambled all her pension money.
Nita was playing rummy with her dad.
She had lost ten games in a row!
They wagered their points on one last game.
Nita played hard and well, and she won!
Nita was so happy she finally beat her dad at rummy.
Tina was having her first skating competition.
She was incredibly nervous.
She was afraid something would go wrong.
Thankfully she did great.
Tina has a baby blanket.
Neil took a tour to the taj Mahal.
He admired the beautiful design of it.
Then he heard the sad story behind it.
Neil was impressed by the obvious labor of love.
Neil thought the builder hadn't put in much effort.
Mark and Frank were swimming in Mark's family's pool.
Mark's mother brought out a sponge ball to them.
Mark and Frank had fun tossing the ball back and forth.
But then the saturated ball accidentally hit Mark's mother!
Mark and Frank apologized profusely.
Ty was nervous about attending summer camp not knowing anyone.
The first day, he met Sam playing soccer.
That night, he met Brenda at the campfire.
At breakfast the next morning, he met Bill.
They all hung out at the lake that afternoon.
Vince was craving something sweet.
Vince did not want his usual dessert of ice cream.
Vince drove his car to Yogurtland.
Vince got 10 ounces of frozen yogurt.
He shared it with a cute girl he met.
Buck had lost his house and job.
Ashamed, he sat on the road to panhandle.
Then a woman approached him and told him about a shelter nearby.
Buck, intrigued, went to the shelter right away.
Buck was angry that the woman would say something like that.
Josh liked bees.
He thought they were good for the planet.
One day, Josh got stung by a bee.
It hurt very much.
Josh poured the rest of the syrup over his pancakes.
Last week my girlfriend and I bought three lottery tickets.
It's not something we normally do.
We were desperate for money.
Even a long shot was worth it.
We decided to go to the zoo.
Fred always stopped at the same coffee shop before work.
He got to know the attractive barista.
He developed a crush on her.
Finally Fred worked up the courage to ask her on a date.
She said yes.
Jenny was at the store hungry one day.
She wandered around thinking about what she wanted to eat.
When she came upon the cookie aisle she knew exactly what she wanted.
She grabs some cookies and heads towards the front of the store.
Jenny bought the cookies.
Bob knocked on the door and asked for Jenny.
Jenny answered and walked outside to the car.
Jenny and Bob drove to the movies.
Bob and Jenny had a good time.
Bob never talked to Jenny again.
I got a new truck.
To celebrate, i went mudding.
I drove through lots of mud puddles.
my truck got really dirty.
Afterwards, I washed my truck in the driveway.
Peter was excited to go to the Sanders rally in New Hampshire.
As Peter entered the arena it was full of thousands of people.
When Peter saw Bernie he cheered as loudly as possible.
He felt thrilled to be there.
He couldn't wait to vote for him.
Josh was writing short stories for a researcher.
The researcher was impressed by Josh's stories.
The researcher decided to give Josh a bonus.
Josh was happy that he got a bonus.
Josh refused to take the money and quit the job.
Ethan loved to make Youtube videos.
However, he was too embarrassed to upload any videos.
One day he gained the courage to upload one.
Soon he had one hundred views!
Now, Ethan wanted to make and upload even more Youtube videos.
Gina and her friends were outside of the school library.
They wanted to go inside.
But the librarian was not in in the library.
The girls weren't sure where she could be.
They decided to wait for her.
A man bought his young son a bicycle.
It was the same brand of bike he'd owned himself as a boy.
His bike had lasted until he outgrew it.
His son's bike, though, fell apart after only a few weeks.
The man marveled at the bike's new engineering.
Jaime wanted to ask jack to go to the school dance with her.
After school she waited for jack outside of the front door.
When jack was exiting he was walking hand in hand with another girl.
Jaime froze unable to speak.
Jaime then told him that they were through.
Billy's friends thought that he was a scaredy cat.
They dared him to go into the haunted house.
He decided to go in and even stay the night there.
Despite how scared he was he stayed the entire night.
Billy felt brave.
Ana had just had a baby girl.
She wanted her girl to have pierced ears.
She took her baby to the studio and had her ears pierced.
Then she fastened tiny diamond studs into the piercings.
Ana loved the earrings.
Sally wanted to do something special for her mom.
She went and bought her a dozen red roses.
Her mom loved them putting them in vase on the table.
They admired the roses while they ate dinner.
Sally's mom threw the roses away after dinner.
When I was sixteen I stole some hats.
I had the money to buy them, I just didn't.
Before I could leave the store the security had already grabbed me.
They handcuffed me and walked me through the mall.
They pinned a medal on my chest.
Matt started playing baseball when he was seven.
Now seventeen Year's old he still had not hit a homerun.
Today was not only his last game, it was also the championship.
Bottom of ninth, Matt was up at bat with two strikes to his name
Matt scored a touchdown at the last minute.
It was Cara's sweet sixteen.
She had a massive party with her friends.
When the party was done, her parents told her to go outside.
When she went outside she saw a brand new car.
She took the car for a drive and thanked her parents.
Yesterday I went to the animal shelter.
I have been in search of the perfect dog for my family.
I fell in love with a dog named Toby.
After introducing him to my cat we decided to take him home.
Toby told me that he doesn't like my cat.
Tony was tired of stale store bought bread.
He called his mom and got her bread recipe.
Tony gathered the ingredients that he needed.
Tony baked the bread according to the recipe.
It was some of the best bread he has had.
Selena was a music artist with a lot of fans.
One of them was too obsessed.
He kept following her places in public and sending her creepy messages.
She decided to go to the authorities.
Selena made sure the person was arrested.
A young toddler was climbing up a chair in his living room.
As he climbed, his foot slipped and he fell to the ground.
The boy started crying very loudly.
His mother heard him from in the kitchen and ran over to him.
The mother ignored the child.
Rick was trying to go to sleep.
But there was a fly flying around his room.
The noise of it was so irritating.
But he was too exhausted to try to catch the fly.
He turned on the radio to try and drown out the noise.
My friends wanted to play Dungeons and Dragons last week.
We got together with drinks and started to play.
Things quickly deteriorated as we kept drinking.
Eventually we pretty much stopped playing and just hung out.
We had a good time.
Jen screamed out her window that no one cared about her.
Her neighbors yelled for her to shut up.
Jen screamed even louder and now with profanities.
The neighbors called the cops.
Jen loved her neighbors.
Logan and Maria decided to make a film together.
They wrote the script and hired the actors.
After a lot of work, finally the film was done.
They invited everyone to come see it.
Logan and Maria were proud of the film.
Sam was sitting on the train reading the paper.
He was on his way to a new job interview.
Sam felt extremely nervous.
A kind man sat next to him and offered him advice.
The old man told Sam to go home.
A little girl wanted a puppy.
Her parents told her no.
She started to cry.
She cried and cried until her parents caved.
They went to the animal shelter and picked out a cute puppy.
Sara eagerly awaited December 1st to come.
When it finally did she went to her shed and pulled out tons of boxes.
Slowly she started unpacking them and organizing their contents.
She then began decorating the outside of the house.
She loved the lights.
Robert was a math genius.
Robert put in extra time and effort in his studies.
He was invited to a statistics contest for young children.
He was determined to win at all cost.
Robert studied hard and came in first place at the contest.
John was on a road trip.
Suddenly he felt a strange bumping.
He pulled over and checked his tire.
It was flat as a pancake!
He called road assistance promptly.
In the autumn Samantha always gets a craving for apple cider.
She dedicates a Saturday to drive to an orchard.
Samantha walks the trails to enjoy the colorful leaves.
She buys a few gallons of cider before she leaves.
Samantha loves the apple cider she gets at the orchard.
John hadn't studied for his math test.
The weather forecast was calling for snow.
He went to bed hoping he would be saved by a snow day.
When he woke up the next day school was cancelled.
John was relieved to have an extra day to study.
Four Outlaws camped in Blood Gulch.
They thought that they were safe, so they let their guard down.
The sheriff was hot on their trail.
He found them them early in the morning while they still slept.
He arrested them.
Josie found a spider underneath her bed.
She sprayed a can of lysol all around the bed frame.
Josie saw the spider crawl up the wall.
She swats the wall with a piece of paper.
Josie loved spiders.
A man named Nick was walking down the street.
He noticed a small leather wallet in the grass.
He picked it up and it was filled with cash.
Nick decided to give the wallet to the police station.
The police never found the owner so they gave it to Nick.
Ken was on vacation in the tropics.
He was learning to scuba dive.
He passed his certification course and then dived every day.
Soon he was learning lots of facts about the ocean and exploring.
It was the best vacation Ken had ever taken.
Anne always wanted one of the lilies that grew in the pond.
They were so far out, she could never reach them.
One summer she took a rake and attempted to pull one in.
To her shock, she still could not get the lily!
Anne decided she hated flowers.
Brian looked up a recipe for pork chops on the internet.
He chose the recipe calling for barbecuing the pork chops.
He followed the instructions and carefully prepared the ingredients.
After going through all the steps, Brian tasted the pork chops.
Brain enjoyed eating the vegetable.
James was at the gym playing basketball.
His clothes were soaked from running up and down the court.
He forgot to bring spare clothes to change into.
James had to run to his car in order to avoid the cold weather.
James drove home with the car window open.
Gina was given lunch detention.
She was expecting worse.
She fought the smile that tried to creep across her face.
She didn't want the principal to know she was relieved.
Gina's smile broke into a laugh but the principal didn't notice.
Cole was given coal for Christmas as a gag gift.
Cole was young and took it very seriously.
Cole was well-behaved for months after that.
Eventually Cole forgot about the incident.
Cole thought about the incident every day afterwards,
Mike was tired of work and needed a vacation.
Unfortunately, Mike had no idea where he should go.
He then decided to spin a globe and go where his finger landed.
Mike's finger landed on Hawaii.
Mike went to France.
Tiffany bought a bag of microwave popcorn.
She didn't read the directions.
She put the bag in the microwave and pushed the popcorn button.
Minutes later she smelled something horrible.
The popcorn had burned because she left it in too long.
We went snow skiing for my wife's birthday.
In the lift line, we started talking to another couple.
We found out that they were celebrating the wife's birthday.
The four of us had drinks in the lodge that night.
She had a horrible birthday.
Nan felt guilty because her pets were alone all day while she worked.
She considered getting rid of them, but knew she'd miss them too much.
She realized the boy next door got home from school at 3:00 every day.
She offered him five dollars a day to spend some time with the cats.
The boy punched her in the face.
One Friday night we all pitched in and got a huge pizza.
My brother bit into a slice that had a piece of gum on it.
Disgusted, we called the pizza place to complain.
They came by our house and denied everything.
They apologized and gave us another pizza.
Bob had recently just purchased his dream car.
The only thing he didn't like about it was the color.
He took it to the paint shop to get it repainted.
He waited a week and then picked it up from the shop.
Bob wished the car was the original color.
My aunt is a nurse.
She often talks about long hours at work.
Last week was especially bad.
She didn't have a single day where she didn't work late.
It was easy work.
Fred just bought some new patio furniture for his house.
He built it and set it all up outside himself.
That night there was a bad rainy storm.
The next day Fred saw that the rainy had ruined his new furniture.
He was disappointed.
Jordy ran outside happily.
He looked up at the sky to see countless snowflakes.
With a gleeful yelp, he began constructing a snowman.
When he was done, Jordy looked thoughtfully at his creation.
He was proud of himself.
John was a student in law school.
He was having a tough time learning all of the material.
John decided to do something about this.
He met with the professors and got extra tutoring.
Pretty soon, he was up to speed and feeling much more confident.
Harold was a mailman doing his job.
He had one package with a mysterious address.
Harold looked all over town, but could not find the house.
He went to his van and looked it up in his database.
Harold decided to throw the package away.
Amy wanted to get a manicure.
She went to the nail salon near her job.
The lady finished and asked if she wanted fingernail polish as well.
Amy chose a bright red nail polish color.
Amy loved bright colors.
David went to John's lake house for the weekend.
John's family owns a boat, so they took a ride.
It was David's first time ever being on a boat, so he was nervous.
The boat was going fast and David started having fun!
David didn't have that much fun and became more nervous.
After math class, I decided to go to the library.
I caught up on some assignments.
I had to wait several hours for my mom to pick me up.
Since I was extremely tired, I fell asleep completely.
I didn't get any homework done.
It was a beautiful, warm, fall day.
Amy decided to go outside to enjoy the weather.
She sat on the porch swing watching the squirrels run around.
Just being outside began to lift her low spirits.
She stayed outside until the sun went down.
On Saturday, we went to the beach.
I applied sunscreen before we left.
I did not read the instructions well.
I didn't reapply sunscreen throughout the day.
I got a sunburn.
Jane wanted to learn how to juggle.
Jane consulted with a professional juggler to teach her.
Jane went to three classes with the professional juggler.
After three weeks, Jane was juggling.
Jane was untalented.
Tim like pasta a lot.
He would make it every night for dinner.
One night he didn't have the sauce for the noodles.
He didn't know what to do at first.
Tim decided to order out.
Grandpa asked Betty if she wanted a drink.
Betty said she wanted milk.
Grandpa didn't know if she wanted chocolate or strawberry.
Betty wouldn't tell him which kind of milk she wanted.
Betty was shy.
Bella sat by the campfire with her friends.
They all had s'mores dangling over the fire, warming up.
Each one of them took turns telling a scary story.
When it was her turn she made sure to put her best acting to use.
Bella's friends were very frightened by her story.
Jasper notices that he has begun to develop dandruff in his hair.
He feels very embarrassed about this.
Jasper decides to buy a special anti-dandruff shampoo.
Finally he notices that the dandruff is going away.
Jasper is happy.
Jane needed a new kidney.
Only Bob was a match.
Bob didn't know Jane, but that didn't matter.
Bob gave Jane his kidney.
Jane was very bad at Bob.
Amy arrived home from her vacation.
She went to the baggage carousel to claim her luggage, all souvenirs!
But as she waited, she grew nervous, not seeing her luggage.
She went to the help desk and informed them her luggage was missing.
Amy thought the airline had a great sense of humor.
Paige was trying to quit smoking cigarettes.
It was hard because she had been smoking for ten Year's.
She slowly cut down how much she was smoking.
After awhile she stopped having cravings.
Now Paige smokes every day.
Gina was hungry.
She was on a road trip and only had sweet snacks.
Her dad insisted they keep driving instead of making a food stop.
Her mother agreed with him.
So Gina suffered from stomachaches.
Ray and his friends planned to go to the beach.
So Ray worked out to build up his muscles.
When Ray and his friends went to the beach, they noticed Ray's body.
Ray was happy to be the center of attention.
Ray ran crying as everyone laughed and pointed.
Cristin went to a music festival.
One of Kristin's favorite bands should be performing at the festival.
She found out that her favorite band's performance was cancelled.
Cristin is frustrated that she did not get to see their performance.
Cristin enjoyed seeing her favorite band that night.
Larry regretted that he hadn't seen his aunt in months.
He decided to take the long trip to Idaho to see her.
Larry packed his bags and drove to Idaho.
His Aunt was very happy to see him.
Larry wasn't happy to see his Aunt.
Amy was going to buy coffee to beat her coffee crash.
But there was no coffee machine in the school for kids.
There was however a soda vending machine.
Amy just needed to decide which soda had the most caffeine.
Amy picked a Pepsi to drink.
Reba worried that she was going to be a killer, like her father.
He went to prison for murder.
Reba spent her entire life doing good deeds.
She became a nun, and comforted orphaned children.
Reba thought she was doing the right thing.
Cindy cooked and cleaned every single day.
She grew tired of doing all the cooking and cleaning by herself.
Cindy said she was not going to cook until she got help cleaning.
The family had beans every night until they realized she was serious.
The family started to help.
Jeb liked peppermint candy.
He always had peppermints in his pocket.
One day, he saw a pretty girl buying peppermints in the store.
He decided it was a sign and boldly asked her out on the spot.
Jeb finally got a date after months of looking.
Billy liked sitting by the pond.
He would take a book and sit under the tree.
His book was about frogs.
He looked out onto the pond and a frog was staring at him.
Billy wasn't thinking about frogs.
I decided to add a new fountain pen to my collection.
I'd seen online videos of a nice pen called a Pelikan M800.
So I went to the pen shop at my local mall.
The shop had just the model of pen I wanted.
I bought the pen.
Jen was invited to a Christmas party.
She went with a close guy friend.
They drank wine and talked with the couples that were there.
As the group sang carols, Jen and her friend kissed.
She then went swimming at the beach.
Jay went to the chicken wing festival in Buffalo, New York.
He bought a ticket to sample dozens of wings.
He ate all different flavors of wings.
Jay was so stuffed full of Buffalo wings at the end of the festival!
Jay went home happy that he decided to go to the festival.
My neighbors are always playing loud music.
It's not so bad during the day.
They also play it at night, unfortunately.
I finally asked them if they could lower the volume.
They agreed to lower the volume.
Robert's dog passed away last month and he's still upset.
His wife wants to distract Robert with something.
She suggests they go shopping for a new dog.
Robert tags along and discovers that he loves looking at puppies!
Robert starts to feel better after playing with puppies.
Lulu was excited to try the new candy store in town.
She immediately woke up early and ran over to it.
Thankfully she was the first one to arrive.
As soon as she walked in she grabbed a bucket.
Lulu planted fruit and vegetable trees on her property.
Teresa's mom was pregnant.
Teresa was excited to have a new baby sister.
However, when the baby came, she felt otherwise.
She felt like her parents were not giving her any attention.
Teresa was sad and begged for attention.
My roommate is a slob.
He never washes the dishes but always uses them.
I found an old one with mold in it.
The smell was atrocious.
I yelled at my roommate for being disgusting.
My wife had MLK day off.
She slept in, and did not get up until 10 AM.
We had a leisurely breakfast.
She watched Little House on the Prairie while I surfed the net.
Then we had a relaxing evening covering on the couch.
Keri was babysitting her niece on a weekday.
She needed to put her to sleep early.
Unfortunately the niece had too much energy.
Keri convinced her to do exercises with her.
Then Keri took the child for  a  walk  to tire her out.
Kim wakes up and decides to drive to the mall.
She gets there and promptly spends 250$ on a pair of shoes.
Later, she finds a purse to match the shoes.
After buying an outfit to match, she decides to head home.
Kim loved everything she bought.
My old neighbor used to take Halloween too far.
His costumes were very elaborate.
One year, he decided to be Jason and hide under his garage door.
He scared everyone, and the whole neighborhood complained.
The next year he didn't dress up at all.
Ben was waiting at the crossroads for a lift from his friend Tom.
Tom had said that he would pick him up at 8:00 PM and it was after 9.
Ben was frightened by odd noises he heard coming from the darkness.
After a while Tom walked out of the shadows laughing.
Ben was annoyed that Tom had tricked him.
Barry loves bowling.
However, he needed to find a place where he could bowl regularly.
Barry looked through the yellow pages for a nearby bowling alley.
Barry decided he would go bowling on Saturday at the new location.
Barry was delighted with the new alley.
The family prepared the food and packed it away.
They walked to the nearest park.
They laid out a blanket and began to set out their food.
Everyone enjoyed sandwiches, fruit and more.
The family had a good day.
Brad and Allison love Texas country music.
Brad found out there was a concert happening nearby.
He invited Allison to go to the concert with him.
Allison accepted the invitation.
They both had a good time at the concert.
Melissa had wanted to be a news reporter on television.
Even since she was little, she practiced on camera.
Her obsession followed her all through school.
She attended college for journalism and made high marks.
After graduation, she was offered a job at NBC News.
It snowed so hard that school was called off for the day.
The boys put on their coats, hats, gloves and boots and went outside.
They built a tall snowman and a snow fort.
They had a snowball fight.
They took their clothes off to sunbathe.
I was walking to the mall.
Someone was calling me and I decided to pull out my phone.
I had a hard time getting it out since my pockets were tight.
The phone ended up jumping out of my pocket.
I decided tight jeans were a good idea always.
Garry was nervous about his grades.
Recently, Garry failed a Math test, and a English test.
It is required that Garry have good grades to be on the football team.
Garry's coach found out about his failing grades, and spoke with him.
If Garry doesn't improve his grades, he will be off the team.
Evan complained about everything.
His girlfriend started making him dinner, but he said it smelled bad.
She was so offended!
She left mid-cooking, leaving the meal unfinished.
She broke up with Evan.
John made fun of his sister when she said yoga was a workout.
He thought he was in great shape because he played basketball.
One day his sister took him to a yoga class.
He couldn't keep up with all the women.
John felt humbled.
Ava needed to go shopping with her two-year old.
But she couldn't find his shoes even after looking everywhere!
She decided she had no choice but to buy him new shoes.
She carried him into the store in order to select a new pair.
Ava was a neglectful mother.
Harry was tired of the hot summer days.
He decided to go swimming with his friends.
Harry called his friends and set up the plans.
They all met up at a local lake and drank beer and swam.
Harry and his friends had a great time at the lake.
Danny wanted  to  learn  how  to  make  fried  rice.
His  friend  decided  to  teach him.
His friend went to his house and taught him.
Danny tried making it for himself.
Danny hated girls.
Meghan was hired as a Scientist II for a company.
She loved her job and was very good at it.
After a year, Meghan wanted more responsibility at work.
She talked to her boss and had an evaluation.
Meghan hoped she would be promoted.
Core broke her parents glass antique vase.
She was afraid of being caught.
She swept the glass under the rug.
Her parents came and took of their shoes.
Core's parents hurt their feet on the glass.
Bob got a rubix cube for Christmas.
He struggled to solve the puzzle.
Eventually, he was able to solve half of it.
But, the full solution remained elusive.
Bob worked hard and then finally solved the puzzle.
Suzie decided to make her grandmother's spaghetti sauce.
She made the sauce.
She added mushrooms.
She added the seasonings.
Suzie's relationship with her grandmother remained complicated.
Last weekend I wanted to buy some shoes.
I needed a new pair from work so had to look for a place to go.
I decided on the mall seeing as how they have a large variety.
Once I got there, I quickly went to the store I had selected.
I found a perfect pair of shoes and bought them.
Gabby didn't have much money.
She was working a minimum wage job.
She spent the rest of her money on a lottery ticket.
She got home and scratched it off.
She hoped the ticket was a winner.
Annie's grandfather needed a heart transplant.
He was in the hospital for a very long time.
When the transplant happened, her whole family was scared.
However, he recovered with great health.
Annie's family was glad about the outcome.
When I was five, I moved.
I had to go to a new school.
I felt lonely on my first day.
A kid walked up to me and introduced himself.
I felt less lonely.
Larry was scared of heights.
He always planned his travels to avoid any tall bridges.
Unfortunately for Larry, one day he was diverted onto another route.
Larry started sweating as he saw the bridge looming over him.
He turned around to choose another route.
Jeff is a very quick thinker.
He can get out of  just about any situation he doesn't want to be in.
All he has to do is come up with an excuse on the spot to leave.
He uses this a lot when he doesn't want to talk to his in-laws anymore.
Jeff loves visiting with the in-laws.
Binh decided to wash her cat.
She picked up her cat from the deck.
Then she filled the bathtub with water.
Binh coaxed the cat into the water to wash it.
The cat ended up a filthy mess.
I ordered a family meal at a Chinese restaurant.
As soon as I placed it on the table, my family attacked it.
They were eating a lot out of the meal.
After everyone ate, there was no food left.
I was happy we found a new favorite restaurant.
Ben wasn't paying any attention as he walked past the windowsill.
He swung his hand around.
It hit the cactus sitting in the window.
His hand was full of little needles.
Ben's hand felt great.
It was Nate's turn to sweep the floor this week.
He was notoriously lazy.
He decided to pay his roommate to do it for him.
The roommate took the money and never did the work.
Nate had a hard time working up the energy to confront him.
Elena was a little person and was very insecure.
She thought no one would want to date her.
One day, she met a very nice full-sized man.
They started dating and he accepted her condition.
He proposed to Elena after six months.
When Jay found out her older sister was pregnant, she was nervous.
While she was happy for her sister, she was scared to be an aunt.
Jay knew that there would be a lot of responsibility involved.
But then, she finally came home from school and saw her nephew.
Jay thought her nephew was ugly.
Daria bought a television for her living room.
She had the store deliver the television to her house.
When the television arrived, Daria was excited.
The television was her favorite thing.
Darla turned on her television and began to watch a movie.
White roses were Lilly's favorite flower.
She grew them in her garden.
One day she pricked her finger on a thorn.
She thought nothing of it.
Lilly's finger had to be amputated.
Jimmy's mother was sick in the hospital.
He went to visit her at the hospital.
Jimmy brought her flowers and a get well card.
Her mother was very gracious.
Jimmy's mother started to get better.
Sammy had a terrible stomach ache one morning.
But she forced herself to go to school.
As she approached the bus, she thought of turning back.
But she felt it was too late to change her mind.
She sat on the curb and watched the bus drive past her.
Karmen was all ready for her trip to Tanzania.
She got a taxi to the airport.
She went through airport security quickly.
She caught her flight on time and found her seat.
The plane took off and Karmen relaxed.
Sandy lived in New York.
Sandy heard of a dangerous snow storm coming her way.
Sandy decided to ensure that her home was prepared.
During the snowstorm, the power went out.
Sandy decided to go outside and make a snowman.
Quentin ordinarily does not enjoy going to company events.
Although he doesn't mind coworkers, he likes to be left alone.
One day he decides to attend a company party.
He eats some french fries to help himself from feeling awkward.
Quentin ended up enjoying the party.
I use Mister Spice no sodium sauce.
I am on a low sodium diet.
I tried to buy some bottles online yesterday.
The computer kept rejecting my order, even though the card was active.
I was happy about how easy it was to place the order.
Dan wanted to go to school on Halloween dressed as the Devil.
He was scared to ask his father for the costume.
He asked his grandmother instead.
She told him going as the Devil is evil.
Dan's grandmother was already dressed as the Devil.
I bought a horned toad when I was ten.
It was in a department store.
The toad looked very fierce.
We tried to feed it but it would not eat.
Eventually the horned toad died from starvation.
I met Nancy for the first time today.
Before she left, we exchanged phone numbers.
Despite walking for one moment, she constantly messaged me.
I decided to call her and ask to stop calling me.
She loved eating bananas.
Yesterday Kelly headed to cvs to buy some candy.
She walked up and down the aisles to find what she wanted.
To her surprise however, she ran into an old friend.
The two talked for awhile.
Both were arrested.
Don's first day at the dock's had some hiccups.
He was nervous being around heavy machinery.
At one point he dropped a heavy shipment.
It almost hit a fellow coworker.
Don was glad he wasn't nervous at work.
Dal needed money to go to college.
He started doing the accounting for a local gang.
When the feds raided the gang, he was going over their books.
He was accidentally shot dead in the crossfire.
Dal made a bad decision.
Today was Picture day at school.
Alice was so excited because her mom had bought her a new outfit.
She got up and got dressed and her mom fixed her hair.
The photographer said she was very pretty.
Alice felt good after the photographer complemented her.
Nila's mom was diagnosed with stage four cancer.
Nila knew her mom did not have a long time to live.
Nila made sure to provide her mom with a good life until her death.
Nila fostered many good memories with her mom and they were happy.
Nila did not care for her mother.
A mother looked at the face of her newborn baby boy.
She dreamed of their future together.
Her dream was to give him the childhood that she was not given.
She sacrificed time and energy to accomplish her goal.
The boy suffered through his childhood.
Jessica and her brothers were very excited for Christmas.
They went to sleep early so they could wake up early.
They woke up and ran to the Christmas tree.
There was only one box under the tree.
Jessica wondered if that they had gotten up too early.
Jan and Kim were both using the Montessori education model.
Kim decided to take away all dragon and fantasy books from her kid.
Jan was upset that Kim made this decision.
Jan argued that imagination and fantasy was important.
Jan threw away the books.
The first day of school I walked there with two of my closest friends.
We were all very nervous.
When we got to school we checked the class list for third grade.
All three of us were assigned to the same classroom!
We couldn't believe our luck.
Jeff was angry that his neighbor's dog always barked in the morning.
And the barking always woke Jeff up early.
One day, his neighbor gave his dog away.
And Jeff was happy that he heard no more barking.
Jeff would finally get peace and quiet.
Holly asked her brother to put suntan lotion on her back.
He took his time and applied it very carefully.
Later that day, Holly wondered why people were laughing.
She later realized her brother had made a design with the lotion.
Holly yelled at her brother to get back at him.
I used to make fun of my wife for having a nightlight.
She was out of town a few days and I went to sleep without it.
When I woke up in the middle of the night to get water I tripped.
I couldn't see the clothes on the ground and got a bad bruise.
I decided to permanently get rid of the nightlight.
Amy decided to move from Wisconsin to Florida.
She planned the move for months.
On the day of the move she said goodbye to her friends.
She drove all the way to Florida alone.
However, she discovered Alaska was a lot of fun.
The boys and I went to the beach today.
We took along a frisbee and a ball.
While playing in the water some other people joined in.
It was great making new friends.
I really enjoyed meeting some new boys.
It was Friday night so I decided to rent a movie.
I headed down to a Redbox to get one.
After taking an hour to decide I finally picked The Departed.
I got home and made some snacks, then went to put the movie in.
It was the best movie I had seen in a long time.
Paula wrote a lot of spoken word poetry.
Her friends were supportive even though it was bad.
They invited her to a party.
Paula started delivering some spoken word.
Her friends applauded her poem.
After getting off the school bus, I realized that my phone is missing.
Since there was service on it, I decided to cancel it.
The customer service representative did it for me.
In addition, he said that there was a call made to Jamaica.
I knew someone had stolen it.
Today was Iris's fifth birthday!
Her mom had planned her a surprise party.
All of her friends were there.
She opened presents and had cake.
Iris had a lot of fun at her party.
Tina always wore a red bikini when she went to the beach.
She was known for it and everyone expected to see her in one.
One day she met her friends in a blue bikini and surprised them.
They couldn't understand why she would wear something different.
They liked the new bikini though.
Ted had always dreamed of being a homeowner.
However, he had feared that it was a goal he would never reach.
One day his father surprised him by saying he would help Ted out.
Ted's father helped to split the down payment on a home with Ted.
Ted said he didn't want to be a homeowner anymore.
Evie wandered about the castle for hours.
She explored every nook and cranny of the structure.
Her supervisors quizzed her about what she had learned.
She answered their questions brilliantly and with ease.
She was proud of herself.
Ed and his twin Ethan were looking at women online.
Then they saw a profile for two twin ladies.
They called Sami and Sara and arranged a date.
On their date, all four had a wonderful time.
Years later both couples got married.
Marco is starting a new job today.
He wants to look good on his first day.
Marco decides to put on a necktie.
His new boss is impressed with how good he looks.
Marco is glad that he made a good impression.
Tim wanted to travel overseas.
He had never been on an airplane before.
He decided to travel to China by air.
He actually enjoyed the flight!
Tim vowed never to get on another plane again.
Lucy had a test tomorrow at school and she barely studied.
It was already very late and she had to get to bed.
The next morning school was concealed due to snow.
Lucy lucked out and spent her whole day off studying for the test.
Lucy aced the test.
Fred liked mystery novels.
He used to read at least one every month.
When his friends found out, they all bought him one for his birthday.
But unfortunately, he started getting irritated by the attention.
Fred told his friends he was taking a break from mystery novels.
Tia owned her own bakery.
In her bakery, she made beautiful cakes.
One day, she realized she was out of flour despite having a big order.
She called all over the town and finally found some.
Tia was disappointed.
Sarah went with her friends to the water park.
They paid for their tickets and got into their swimsuits.
They waited in line for the biggest slide.
They went down the slide and had a lot of fun.
They vowed never to return.
Jeb was building statues out of rocks.
He made one that looked like a turtle.
Sam came and knocked it down.
Jeb started crying.
Sam laughed and ran away.
Jeff is going on a field trip to the rainy forest with his class.
Jeff is excited and can't wait to go.
When Jeff arrived he was very disappointed.
The rainy forest wasn't exciting and there was nothing to do.
Jeff had a fun time.
Dani was a nurse in the ICU.
One night her estranged father was one of her patients.
Dani didn't want to, but she treated her father.
As he got better, the two of them were able to talk.
Dani was not surprised by the events that day.
Ella spent a day in the sun.
She forgot to apply sunscreen.
She got a nasty burn!
But soon it faded and turned to a tan.
Ella looked great and got a lot of compliments.
Neil had just arrived in Kenya.
He joined a safari tour group.
They saw all kinds of exotic animals.
Neil snapped photo after photo.
He was mauled by a lion.
Gina decided to bake an apple pie for the first time.
She was extremely careful to follow the recipe exactly.
After putting the pie in the oven, she eagerly waited to try it.
It turned out to be delicious!
So she decided to throw it in the garbage.
Pablo wanted a jawbreaker.
He had no money however.
He went through his closet to see what he could sell.
He found a toy bear and sold it for 50 cents.
Then he bought his candy.
Anna rented out a warehouse for a big party.
The decorations were great, but something was missing.
Then Anna realized - they needed a disco ball!
She secured a rented ball from a party supply company.
Anna was disappointed.
There was a major basketball game in the gymnasium.
Me and my friend played on the same team.
The game became intense and both teams were tied in the end.
There was 4 seconds left on the clock and we needed to score.
I shot the winning basket that won the game for our team.
Dirk was a fine pianist.
He often performed out in public for money.
During his last performance, one of the keys broke off his keyboard.
He finished the performance as best he could, but the music was poor.
Dirk was embarrassed.
I bought a phone case with a lanyard.
I needed one for my cell phone.
The case arrived without a lanyard.
The website said the case had a bracket but not a lanyard.
I returned my phone.
I changed the sheets on my bed last week.
I was tired of the old ones.
The new ones look nicer and feel better.
I think I will keep them.
I am happy they weren't too expensive.
Chase really wanted a new toy.
His mom would not purchase a new toy for him.
She advised he save his allowance.
He saved his allowance.
Chase bought himself a new toy.
Renee was inspired by the music of Eddie Van Halen.
She decided to learn to play guitar.
She bought an electric guitar and an amp.
She hated pressing the strings with her fingers.
Renee decided she would have to get used to it.
Bill went fishing and caught a lot of fish.
He caught so many he had to give some away.
His neighbors were poor and were grateful to Bill for the fish.
The neighbors finally got back on their feet.
Bill's neighbors sued him for making them poor.
Last week the internet went out.
My wife and I were bored out of our minds.
Every other option available seemed boring.
Eventually we just drank and talked for a while.
We ended up having a fun time after all.
All Tim's life, he wanted to make music.
Tim practiced all day, everyday.
When Tim had enough songs, he called a record studio.
The studio decided to record him, and Tim was happy.
Tim decided he didn't like music.
Alex suspected that his cat Tigger might have fleas.
Tigger was constantly scratching himself day and night.
Alex took Tigger to the veterinarian to be diagnosed.
The veterinarian confirmed that Tigger did indeed have fleas.
They gave him a flea medication and it cleared up.
Haley was a young scientist at a famous laboratory.
Every day, she worked hard on her current project.
One of her colleagues was secretly stealing her research.
Haley discovered this when he published it in a scientific journal.
Haley felt like she had been betrayed.
Sam wanted to throw a party.
Sam invited all of his friends and neighbors.
The party got extremely wild.
All of the guests left the party in disgust.
Sam became a party planner.
Tom was talking to his wife Becky who had a bad day at work.
He decided to bring home her favorite meal as a surprise.
On the way home from work, there was a lot of traffic.
After getting the food, he arrived home much later than planned.
But everything was okay as soon as they hugged and ate dinner.
They had to pick out a stove for their new house.
They couldn't decide on a particular brand.
They liked the durability of the Viking.
They also liked the deal with the Thermador.
They didn't need a stove anymore.
Jasmine did not study for her big math test.
She figured she could just wing it.
Jasmine soon realized the test was very difficult.
She decided to cheat by looking at her neighbor's paper.
The teacher caught her and gave her detention.
Sam moved to Los Angeles to become a movie star.
He did not have much money but he thought that going is the only way.
After two months sam was sleeping in his car and broke.
He went to the chinese theater to beg one day.
Sam felt quite hopeful.
Darren was late to work and could not find his car keys.
He looked all over his house.
He asked his wife were they were.
She told him to check his pockets.
Darren turned off the computer.
I had a job interview last week.
My girlfriend helped me pick out a new tie.
We went to the store and looked for hours.
I found three I liked.
I bought a bow tie instead.
Harry loved hockey.
He decided to sign up to play for a local league.
Harry attended the tryouts for the team.
Harry hoped he did well enough to make the team.
Harry then quit his hockey team.
Little Sue was riding an elephant at the zoo.
She like it at first but then got scared.
She started to cry for her mom.
The zoo keeper had to stop the elephant and get her.
Sue's mom took her to pet the goat instead.
Hannah was an amazing artist.
She always had a natural gift.
She decided to enter in an art competition.
Thankfully she was able to win the top prize.
Her parents insisted that her grandmother did most of the sewing.
Jim was taking out the garbage.
He slipped on a piece of ice on the sidewalk.
Jim fell down hard onto the pavement.
Jim felt something break on his arm.
Jim decided to do a handstand.
I hate doing laundry.
Matching socks is a horrible waste of time.
Everytime i do laundry socks get lost.
i was tired of searching for matching socks.
I find doing laundry relaxing.
James was twelve Year's old and loved food.
He never really thought about making food until today.
His mother let him help fix rice for dinner.
James learned how fun and creative cooking could be.
James decided to become a chef when he grows up.
Lee knew her mom needed new gloves and could not afford them.
So Lee began to knit a pair.
She hurried to finish them by Christmas.
Then she presented them to her mom.
Lee's mom was proud of her daughter for being so thoughtful.
Jennifer was professional copywriter in a large city.
She did good work but always received poor remarks on her reviews.
Jennifer found out that her boss was trying to sabotage her!
She decided to confront her boss about the negative remarks.
Jennifer thanked her boss for his fairness.
Lorraine was a softball player.
She was the best on her team.
One day, during a game, she twisted her ankle badly.
She wasn't able to play anymore.
Lorraine was thrilled!
Abby and Tammy were the best of friends.
They both loved to do things together that were fun and creative.
They decided to make friendship bracelets together and give to others.
Abby made five and Tammy made seven more.
Tammy never spoke to Abby again.
Sal was mad that his parents were moving.
They were moving to the eighth floor of a building.
He hated living that high.
After moving, he took a look out his bedroom window.
Sal tossed his pillow out the window.
Lydia had a strange dream last night.
She dreamed that she was taking a test at school.
As she was taking the test she realized she forgot to put on pants!
She was so embarrassed that she ran right out of the classroom.
Lydia wished the dream were real.
Alex needed groceries.
She made a list of things to buy.
She gathered her reusable canvas sacks.
She walked to the store.
Alex bought a yacht.
Yolanda hates roller coasters.
Katie does not understand why.
She decided to force Yolanda to ride one with her.
Yolanda vomited all over Katie.
Katie was the happiest she had ever been.
Tammy likes to crochet.
Christmas was a few weeks away and she didn't really have money.
She got the idea to take the spare yarn she had to make a blanket.
She then wrapped it up for her grandchild Lorelei.
Tammy was sad that she didn't have a present to give.
Melinda wanted to go see a scary movie.
She wanted to go by herself to prove she was brave.
Melinda went to the movies and bought a ticket.
Melinda was very afraid while watching the movie.
Melinda thought the movie was hilarious.
My niece applied for a job at the RMV two Year's ago.
She got the job and was excited.
They told her she needed a driver's license, which she did not have.
She showed her employer a doctor's note showing she could not drive.
They decided it was ok to let her work as a secretary.
Lela was diagnosed with cancer five years ago.
Everyday has been a struggle.
She went to doctors and treatments almost every day.
Lela finally started getting better the last few months.
Lela then finished treatment and felt better.
Joyce was adopted by her foster mother when she was 5 Year's old.
After her adoption her mom adopted 3 more children.
Joyce loved being an older sister and she helped her mom a lot.
When she moved out on her own she became a foster parent too.
Joyce abandoned her kids shortly after.
Tom liked to herd cattle.
He did it every day.
One day a cow went free.
He searched everywhere.
He noticed the cow in a neighbor's field, ignored it, and left.
John was driving down the highway.
A Mustang pulled up next to him and kept speed.
He was driving his new Camaro.
They decided to race.
John won the race.
Ben wanted to win the costume contest at work this year.
He spent many hours making his costume from scratch.
To add to his costume he applied a lot of stage makeup.
At work, everyone was impressed with how he looked.
Ben was pleased.
My mom asked if she can borrow $100 dollars from me.
Considering that she's broke, I loaned my credit card to her.
The next day, my credit card was declined when I tried to buy food.
The company told me that I made a $320 dollar purchase.
I told my mom to keep using my credit card.
Sarah had a fear of being around others.
She decided to force herself to go to a party.
At the party, she became dizzy and nervous.
Sarah decided this was enough, and went to see a therapist.
The therapist taught her ways to cope with her problem.
Ellen was at her doctor's office.
She was about to find out the sex of her baby.
She was really hoping for a boy!
She held her breath as the doctor scanned her belly.
Ellen was disappointed to find out she was having a boy.
Zoey was taunted by her friends for having a strange name.
She liked her name and wished people wouldn't be so mean.
A new show was made that had a main character named Zoey.
Zoey's name suddenly became very cool to her peers.
Zoey was happy that everyone liked her name now.
Miranda just got her driver's license.
She took the family van out for a spin.
She drove for a long time.
But then she realized she was lost.
Miranda went back the way she came to retrace her steps.
Bob went to the doctor.
The doctor told him that he was overweight.
Bob realized that he had to get in shape.
He joined a gym and started to watch what he ate.
Bob gained 50 pounds.
Lonnie was trying to figure out what majors to take in college.
He knew that his end goal was to be a teacher.
He asked the career counselor for advice.
The counselor gave him a list of prerequisites.
Lonnie finally decided to go into education.
Phil went for a walk in the park.
It was a warm breezy day.
He ran into a few friends along his walk.
One of them offered him a drink.
Phil was thirsty and accepted the drink.
Dorothy's cat was pregnant.
She didn't know how it happened.
She convinced the family to keep the kittens.
It wound up having 7 kittens.
Dorothy made sure to buy lots of cat food.
Jeremy's mother didn't approve of his lifestyle.
When he was 21, Jeremy decided to move out.
He found an apartment in a nearby state with a new job.
After several Years he cleaned up, and finances his own life.
Jeremy had to move back in with his mother.
Terry realizes his neighborhood has become covered in litter.
He wishes it looked as clean as it did when he was young.
He decides to pick up cans and cigarette butts every night after work.
Eventually his neighbors do too and his neighborhood looks better.
Terry hated cleaning up.
I wanted to take a shower after work.
I got my clothes and towel from the closet.
I went into the bathroom and turned on the shower.
I got undressed.
Then I walked over to my neighbor's house to borrow some soap.
Barry loved to lift weights.
He only used his special barbell to lift weights.
One day he forgot to bring his barbell!
He decided to do cardio instead of lifting.
He always enjoyed a nice nap in his hammock.
Amber had been working a lot lately.
It was stressing her out a great deal due to other personal issues.
She had been dying for a day off to relax.
On her day off she hung out with boyfriend Rob
Amber could not find anytime to relax.
Carl joined the military right after high school.
He signed a short contract that put him on the front lines.
His best friend was killed in front of him.
Happiness became a foreign concept to Carl.
Carl hung out with his best friend when they came home.
When I first met Janice, she didn't know how to crack a walnut.
I couldn't believe she had gotten this far in life without this skill.
I offered to teach her many methods to crack nuts.
She accepted.
Janice decided she didn't want to learn how to crack walnuts.
Amy walked home from volleyball practice alone.
She called and told her friend Kim she was the worst player.
Amy felt like a loser just saying it out loud.
Kim reminded her it was the first day, and she would improve.
And throughout the season she kept getting better.
Beth was taking a shower when she heard a loud knock on the door.
She didn't want to answer and waited for it to go away.
The next time she took a shower, she heard the loud knock again.
But when she rushed out of the shower to answer, no one was there.
Beth decided she was hearing things.
Bob picked up his glasses from the table.
He slipped them in his backpack to wear at school.
He needed them to see the board.
In science he put them on.
Bob enjoyed using his binoculars.
I was really nervous before my first middle school dance.
I was surprised my crush said yes to begin with.
When we finally got the chance to dance I stepped on her foot.
It wound up broken.
I drove her to iHop for pancakes and shakes.
My friend went out one night looking to find love.
He ended up getting pretty drunk.
The next thing we knew he was flirting with a gay man.
After a while, we lost track of our friend.
Our friend ended up home at three am with a girl.
Benjamin went to the park today.
First, he hung upside down on the monkey bars.
After that, he went sliding down the slide.
Then his mom pushed him on the swing and he went really high.
Benjamin did not enjoy the park.
Megan and I walked home from school near a busy street.
I saw three blue cars pass by in a row.
We decided to count the blue cars.
Megan and I sat on the curb all afternoon.
After counting the cars, we went back home.
Kelly decided to have a house party.
Her parents were going away so she decided to have one.
She invited all her friends.
When they got there they had a good time.
Kelly had a neurological disorder that kept her in a wheelchair.
James realizes one afternoon that he hasn't left his house all day.
He decides he will go for a run in the park.
He had a long jog around the lake in his local park.
When he gets home he feels tired but satisfied.
James decides to never leave the house again.
Lars realizes that a lot of snow had accumulated on his deck.
He decides he should shovel some of the snow.
Lars works long all afternoon until the snow is cleared.
When he is done, he goes inside for a shower.
He feels satisfaction.
Matt suspected his wife Ginny was having an affair.
He began to sneakily read her emails.
He found some emails that were from another man.
Reading them, he saw that his suspicions were true.
Matt began to laugh.
Mike used to play racketball with Perry.
They would reserve a court a couple times a week.
But one time Mike hit Perry by accident in the back of the head.
Perry was not very happy about that.
Mike had to apologize.
Sydney needed to do the laundry.
She sorted her dirty clothes by color.
She dumped the first load into the washer.
She added the detergent and fabric softener.
She decided to go to the movies.
There was a hurricane coming and we had to evacuate.
We packed what we needed and headed to the other side of the island.
We waited out the storm there with family.
When it was over we packed our things and went home.
We found our house standing, but in shambles.
Tom bit into the Snickers bar and felt a jabbing pain.
A small pebble in it made one of his teeth snap in half!
He rushed to the dentist.
Because it was an emergency, they saw him right away.
The dentist fixed his tooth.
Rufus wakes up and notices that his hat is gone.
At first he cannot remember where it might be.
Finally he realizes he wore it to the bar last night.
Rufus returns to the bar to get his hat.
Rufus is relieved to find his briefcase at the bar.
Alexia was excited to get a new dog.
She had wanted a new dog for ages.
Finally her parents agreed to get her one.
They drove her to the kernel to pick one up.
Alexia fell in love with a shaggy dog at the kennel.
Bill was poor.
Bill had a minimum wage job.
He could barely pay his bills.
Bill decided to get a degree in computer science.
Bill started making much better money.
Jane loved her new high heels.
She wanted to wear them out.
She wore them dancing to the club.
Within minutes her feet hurt too much.
Jane danced in her bare feet and left her shoes in her purse.
Hannah was feeling very stiff and inflexible.
She decided to enroll in Yoga class to improve her flexibility.
She was terrible at Yoga and for months she did not improve.
But, she decided to stick with it and keep trying.
Hannah became stiffer over time.
The teacher announced that there would be a pop quiz.
The students let out a collective groan.
This was the second pop quiz in a week.
As the teacher began handing out the quizzes, the fire alarm rang.
The students cheered because they were free.
Carla was worried that her daughter Ann was overextending herself.
She'd seen her daughter's free time disappear with her new clubs.
It all came to a head when Ann brought home a D on a test.
Ann promised to work hard, begging to be allowed to stay in her club.
Carla told her daughter she needed to join more clubs.
Gina's family was visiting her grandma in Illinois.
It was the first day, and Gina was the last to wake up.
She went to the kitchen to have breakfast.
The family had already eaten most of the food.
Gina was happy of the outcome in the house.
James had a birthday coming.
He wanted a hunting bow.
His mother went out and bought him one.
He forgot to ask for arrows for the bow.
He went to the sporting goods store to buy bullets.
A young girl named Taylor had always wanted a pet.
One day her mother surprised her with a trip to the pet store.
They both entered the store and looked around.
Taylor had a hard time deciding which animal to adopt.
Taylor finally decided on the cute little kitten in the corner.
Zeke was throwing a Halloween party.
All his friends were dressing up.
Zeke thought about being a vampire or a wizard.
Then he decided on a scarier costume.
Zeke would dress up as a pumpkin.
Marge begged her husband Bill for a backyard pool.
He finally relented, and the pool was installed.
Soon, Marge was throwing weekly pool parties.
At one party, she saw a curvy neighbor in a bikini talking to Bill.
Marge put a new key on her keychain.
Rosie the quarter horse whinnied irritably.
Farmer Jones still had not brought her morning oats.
Feeling naughty, she snuck toward the apple orchard.
Farmer Jones didn't know about the low spot in the fence, but Rosie did!
Rosie waited patiently for Farmer Jones.
Rick was at the bar when he saw a driver license on the ground.
He asked around if it was anybody's there.
Of course it wasn't, and Rick didn't want to leave it with a stranger.
So he decided to drive to the address of the license owner.
Rick threw the license out of the window.
I started a diet yesterday.
I ate healthy food the entire day!
Today I saw pizza in the fridge.
My willpower broke and I ate all 5 pieces.
I felt ashamed.
Sam and his wife were busy packing for their trip.
He was really looking forward to this trip.
He was excited to be able to spend a lot of time with her.
They finished the packing and then smiled at each other.
Sam wanted to get away from his wife as soon as possible.
Stan wanted to go on an adventure with Eric.
But Eric's mom said that Eric could not come out and play.
Stan begged and pleaded, but to no avail.
Eric sneaked out of his house and knocked on Stan's window.
The two boys went out to have their adventure without hesitation.
Brad went to the beach.
He made a sand castle.
He jumped into the ocean waters.
He swam with the small fish.
Brad's day went very badly.
Our puppy went outside to play.
He rolled in the mud, which got caught in his fur.
Once inside the house, we sent him to the bathroom.
He jumped in the tub for a bath.
We gave him a bath.
Jerry had just learned to ride a bike and was excited to go for a ride.
He started down the street near his house when he hit a pothole.
His bike stopped immediately and flip him over it.
He lay there screaming for help with no one in sight.
Jerry's mother took twenty minutes to find him.
I decided to pay a visit to someone I've been dating online.
I never seen her in person, but I trust her.
The airplane flight took several hours.
When I arrived at the hotel, she said she's in front.
I got on the plane and flew home.
I hired a social media manager.
I thought they would drive more traffic to my website.
They spent most of their time reading other people's posts.
My traffic actually went down in the following month.
I decided to fire my new social media manager.
Sam's parents were out for the weekend.
He decided to host a party.
Many people came.
The partiers ended up trashing the house.
Sam's parents were upset they had missed the fun.
Today was the first day of school.
I got to wear my new outfit that Mom bought.
I met a lot of new friends.
My favorite class is music.
I had a great time at school.
Sam bought a new television.
It would not turn on.
He pressed the on button several times.
Finally Jeb came over to check it out.
Jeb turned on the microwave.
One day Matilda was extremely bored.
So she picked a name and address out of the phone book.
She wrote a silly letter to that random person.
And the recipient wrote back to Matilda!
Matilda then got a letter from her brother.
Bill and Teddy were at the bar together.
Bill noticed a pretty girl.
He went up to her to flirt but she didn't like him.
He was too drunk to talk properly.
Bill carefully added up the column of eight digit numbers.
Last night was very scary.
We had a tornado warning and terrible thunderstorms.
Unfortunately my concert for violin was not canceled.
I was required to show up but during the performance lights went out.
Nobody seemed to notice what had happened.
Janey and Lynne decided to go to the movies.
Janie wanted to see a comedy, but Lynne wanted to see a thrill.
When they got to the movie theater, they decided to make a compromise.
They chose an action movie that had both comedic and thrilling parts.
They decided to go to Vegas instead.
Oliva wanted to go shopping.
She decided to go to the mall.
She found a great sale on shoes.
She bought three pairs.
Olivia decided to never go shopping again.
We are moving to a brand new house.
Our old house is now too small for our family.
We've packed all of our things.
I'm very excited to move to our new home.
I hate the thought of moving.
Shawn woke and rose from the bed at 8:07 am.
He reached for his cigarettes but the pack was empty.
Shawn then threw on some sweats and headed to the corner store.
There, he purchased a pack of Newports.
Shawn gave up smoking on the spot.
Nickie had a toy doll.
She loved her doll very much.
One day she lost her doll.
Nickie cried all day.
Nickie never found the doll.
Bob wanted a hamburger.
But he also wanted to eat healthier.
So he decided to make a veggie burger.
Bob thought it wasn't as good as a normal burger.
Bob went out to McDonald's later that evening.
After being injured, Tommy needed to go to the doctor.
Quickly, his mother drove him downtown.
There were a lot of people in the waiting room!
After a while, a nurse came to see tommy.
Tommy was then badly injured.
Ken met a nice man online, and they decided to go on a date.
They met at a nice restaurant and shook hands.
Ken and his date ordered food and had small talk.
While they ate, Ken decided that he really liked the man.
Ken made an excuse to leave quickly.
Liz decided she was going to try to grow tomatoes.
She had never grown anything before.
She purchased seedlings from the garden center.
All summer she looked after them like they were children!
Liz was ashamed of what she had done.
Bill wanted a sandwich.
He got up and went into his kitchen.
He gathered the materials for a sandwich.
He made a sandwich.
He ate his sandwich.
Jack had his own pencil.
It was blue with stars.
One day he couldn't find it.
He looked everywhere.
Jack decided that he hated the color blue.
I went to the store to buy a phone.
It was extremely advanced.
I brought it home and called all my friends.
They wanted to see it too.
They were impressed with my phone.
John was cooking dinner last night.
He was making pork chops.
Unfortunately, he dropped a pan and burned himself.
He had to go to the hospital.
John had a wonderful evening.
Jenny found someone stole her lunch twice in the break room this week.
She asked around and found out who did it.
She confronted the person and they denied it.
Jenny had security look at the camera footage.
Jenny picked up the sweater.
Emma liked to paint.
For her friend's birthday, she gave her a painting.
Another person saw the painting at her friend's house.
She called Emma and asked her to create paintings for her restaurant.
Emma never painted inside a restaurant again.
Tom liked to look at old cars.
For his birthday, his family got him tickets to a classic car museum.
Tom thought it was a wonderful gift.
His family accompanied him to the museum.
Tom loved his time at the museum.
Johnny takes a trip down the stairs at his home.
Now Johnny has a bruised knee.
His mom comforts him.
Eventually Johnny feels better.
Johnny cries for an hour.
Mike is a busy man.
He often eats fast food for breakfast.
Mike wanted to enjoy a healthier breakfast.
He tried an overnight oatmeal recipe.
Mike ate the oatmeal.
My teacher showed us how to build a wooden bird house.
Everyone began to start on the experiment.
I tried connecting the borders with nails.
I ended up hitting my finger with the hammer.
I was very happy that I had been building wooden bird houses.
Josh liked watching anime TV shows.
When he criticized one of them, its fans got angry with him.
Josh didn't understand why they couldn't accept criticism.
Josh kept his opinions to himself.
Josh then decided to watch anime by himself.
Jimbo has been working at the same job for Years.
He always takes his smoke break at the same time.
This week they got a new boss.
The new boss doesn't allow smoke breaks.
Jimbo is pleased his boss does not allow smoking.
Lester was infatuated with Christina.
He was a photographer and she was a graphic designer.
Lester spent all his free time with Christina.
Finally, she said she loved him and wanted children with him.
Lester asked her to marry him.
I decided I needed to finish a Sunday crossword.
I turned off my computer so I wouldn't cheat.
I turned off the TV so I wouldn't be distracted.
I opened the paper to the Leisure section.
I read a fascinating article.
I thought about getting a new hat for my head.
After looking through images, I picked one out.
This hat is going to be amazing!
I quickly went to the store to purchase the hat.
Sadly it made me look like a potato.
Whit has a dog.
It sleeps all the time.
It doesn't just sleep like a normal dog.
It snores like a human.
White doesn.
Amy arrived home from volleyball practice and sat on the couch.
Her mother walked in and gasped.
She told Amy she needed to shower since she was sweaty.
They argued since Amy thought it was no big deal.
Amy left for volleyball practice.
Today was Pinwheels for Peace Day.
My teacher took the class towards the front of the school.
Everyone planted pinwheels near the stop.
When we looked at the wheels from afar, they were spinning.
Our teacher told us to go back and remove the pinwheels.
Beth was expecting her first child.
She was home doing light cleaning on a Sunday afternoon.
All of a sudden her water broke.
Beth was in labor for 2 days.
Beth gave birth to a beautiful baby boy.
Mia had never tried falafel.
She didn't think she would like it.
However, her friends talked her into trying it.
She realized it was delicious!
Mia vowed never to eat it again.
I was bored when my daughter went to Kindergarten.
I began to substitute teach at her school if a teacher was sick.
I became very interested in why some kids have a harder time learning.
This  led me to take a bunch of classes on special education.
I began to teach special education.
Jake was trying to fall asleep.
He had an important test tomorrow.
He rolled around in his bed all night.
He tried drinking a big glass of warm milk.
Jake fell asleep after drinking the milk.
I was walking through the park one day.
I noticed a man sitting by himself.
I walked up to him and asked how he was.
He told me about how he was very ill and sad.
I listened and told him I hoped he felt better.
Joe was interested in Einstein's General Theory of Relativity.
He watched several documentaries about Einstein.
Then, he read a book on the Theory of Relativity.
Joe learned quite a lot about Einstein's scientific achievements.
He could not wait for his advanced physics class to start.
Bonnie needed a new job.
She searched the newspaper employment section.
She found a listing for a job as a nanny.
She called the listed number to arrange an interview.
Bonnie called to say she didn't want an interview.
Amy was playing in the back yard with her friends.
Suddenly she saw a small snake slither across her arm!
She shrieked and ran, but not before the snake bit her hand!
Amy was terrified and called an ambulance right away.
The ambulance took her to the morgue to die.
Jerry told all his friends he was running a marathon.
He had some of them sponsor him.
He never actually prepared for it.
He was freaking out on the day of it.
Jerry attempted to run the marathon but quickly collapsed,
Dave loved the outdoors.
One day he decided to go on a hike.
As he walking on the trail, he heard a hissing sound.
To his right on the ground was a rattle snake!
Dave backed away slowly.
Skip's grades in school were getting worse and worse.
His parents considered getting him a tutor.
They noticed, however, that Skip was squinting a lot.
They realized he needed glasses and not a tutor.
Skip's parents decided not to get him glasses.
Rae's family sat down for Sunday lunch.
Rae's brother accidentally spilled his drink.
Rae's stepfather yelled and threw his plate across the room.
Rae watched the plate shatter into a million pieces.
Rae went to fetch a broom.
The kids were very excited about christmas.
They have been good all year.
They sent a letter to Santa.
Santa responded back in the mail.
They framed the letters and kept them for years,
I was feeling ill.
I scheduled a doctor's appointment.
I went to see the doctor.
He ran some tests.
I found out I had the flu.
Christian's school was starting football tryouts.
Christian decided to try out for the team.
He practiced every day.
He tried out for the team.
Christian hates football.
Tim and Gina both hated doing the dishes.
They would each alternate which week to do them.
Last week Gina wasn't able to get to hers.
She had been working longer hours than usual.
Gina was very happy.
Jen brought her cat Lee to the vet for a checkup.
The veterinarian, Doctor Mike, found three fleas on Lee.
Doctor Mike suggested a flea dip to Jen.
Jen refused because she did not want Lee to be dipped in chemicals.
Jen noticed that Lee's flea problem quickly got worse.
Mish got the text telling her she could leave now.
Quickly, she ran to her car, keys in hand.
She knew she had limited time, so she drove fast.
When she got to the train station, she checked her watch.
She had just enough time to make the train.
Gina was searching for her phone in her dad's car.
She was sure it would be there.
But after checking everywhere she couldn't see it.
She ran in the house and grabbed a flashlight.
Gina found her phone.
Sarah had an appointment to interview for a job.
She put on her best skirt suit and headed to the interview.
As she sat at the interview, Sarah noticed a run in her stockings.
She was so focused on the flaw, she merely mumbled her replies.
Because of her replies, Sarah didn't get the job.
Linda and her boyfriend were hungry.
She wanted to eat tacos.
He wanted to eat fish.
They both felt powerful, and couldn't decide what to eat between them.
Linda and her boyfriend ended up getting both.
Morris buys himself a skateboard to stay active.
He brings the skateboard to the park for a day of skateboarding.
He notices that he is much older than the other people there.
However, they welcome him, and they don't seem to mind his age.
Morris was bullied everyday at the skate park.
Ron liked to drink a lot of beer.
His dad and his mom were both alcoholics.
Ron decided it was best if he didn't drink anymore.
He finally quit after 6 months.
Ron was proud of the decision he made.
Jane wanted long hair.
So she let it grow for months and months.
But it became difficult to take care of.
And when it was summer, hair long hair made her too hot.
Jane decided to cut her hair short for summer.
Alex awoke to bright sunlight.
She looked at her clock alarm.
She realized she must have overslept!
Alex jumped out of bed.
She was late for school.
I was eating lunch with friends at a new place.
I asked for a Coke.
They told me they only had Pepsi products.
They asked me if I was fine with that.
I said i was fine with that.
We woke up this morning to light snow falling.
We're excited that school is cancelled for the day.
Everyone went outside to play in the snow.
We built a snowman and used a carrot for the nose.
We had a boring day.
A squirrel had been visiting Joe's backyard.
It would get a few feet from Joe then scurry away.
Joe was trying to get it to take a peanut from his hand.
One day the squirrel finally did.
Joe was very frustrated.
Arnold bought a new television.
He paid cash.
After a couple of weeks it stopped working.
He tried to return it but had lost his receipt.
Arnold was not allowed to return the television.
Eric was barely a day over 21.
But he already had a drinking problem.
Eric woke up and yelped the nearest bar.
He hopped in his car half asleep and headed to the place.
Pretty soon, he was drunk and passed out at the bar.
Ellie was at dancing as hard as she could at a new club.
All of a sudden she realized she felt an unusual breeze.
The seam of her pants in the back had ripped all the way open.
She quickly backed off the dance floor.
Ellie continued to dance.
I found my shoes uncomfortably stiff.
I went out and bought some new shoes.
I tried to break them in over time.
They still felt too stiff for me.
The shoes gave me blisters.
Marcus was just starting his first flying lesson.
He was learning to fly small commuter planes.
He was nervous to take the plane up in the air.
His instructor helped him take off from the airport.
Marcus decided to learn how to fly planes.
Larry has decided to help out his friends prepare for a party.
He needs to bring a salad to the party.
Larry slices tomato, lettuce, and other vegetables for the salad.
When it is finished, he feels great.
Larry was happy that he could contribute to the party.
Sarah had never been on a boat before.
Today her mom took her to the pier for her very first boat ride.
Sarah was very excited.
She stepped on the boat and heard the engine roar.
It was such a long car trip.
Neil wanted to see a historical spot on his trip to London.
He took a bus tour to an old prison.
It was called the Tower of London.
Neil learned the history of the impressive tower.
He had a boring day.
I bought a backup drive for my wife's iPhone.
She was running out of space on her phone.
She has 1200 photos on her phone.
I tried to back up her photos to a drive, but failed.
My wife cooked dinner.
Doug's wife was upset with him.
As a way to ask forgiveness he decided to buy her a new car battery.
He changed it out and made sure her car was working properly.
She appreciated the gesture.
Doug's wife kissed him.
Grace always loved playing tricks on the teacher.
Her favorite trick was to hide all of the chalk from the teacher.
One day as she was hiding the chalk, the teacher caught Grace.
She was suspended from school for two weeks.
Grace didn't miss a day of class that whole year.
Jane's mother made a very good apple pie.
Jane always wanted the recipe but her mother wouldn't give it to her.
One Christmas, she asked her again for the recipe.
Jane's mother decided that she would give her the recipe.
Jane was thankful to have the recipe.
Mark opened the back door of the restaurant and walked outside.
It was the time of the day to take out the trash.
Halfway to the dumpster, he saw many birds, feeding on the trash.
He had gone hungry before so he knew all things must eat.
Mark hated animals.
Last night we wanted to order a pizza.
Half of us wanted pepperoni.
The other half wanted sausage.
I made a decision.
We ordered a pizza with separate toppings on each half.
Simon noticed a moving truck in front of the house next door.
The family moving in had a teenage daughter and Simon was smitten.
He worked up the courage to go over and introduce himself.
She was shy but friendly and receptive enough to encourage him.
He hung out with her all day.
Johnny was on his local Little League team.
One Saturday, his team had a very important game.
His parents were able to attend.
Johnny's team won the game.
Johnny felt he let his parents down.
Ben was late for class.
His teacher yelled at him.
He came in late the next day.
His teacher wrote a note to his parents.
Ben's mother will now wake him  up  one half  hour earlier .
Ally wished for her boyfriend to pick her out a beautiful ring.
She left jewelry store fliers on the counter.
Next, she circled rings in magazines.
She even mentioned them out loud in phone conversations.
Ally couldn't wait to get engaged.
I was so excited yesterday that usher released a new song.
I immediately purchased it.
When I listened to it I was blown away.
I immediately put it on my phone.
I hated the new song.
A new band wanted for their song to get popular fast.
They bribed several radio DJs to play their song all at the same time.
When people tuned in the radio, the same song played on all stations.
They became a huge success overnight.
It made them depressed.
Annie was the top gymnast in her class.
She received many awards and competed a lot.
One day after a competition she remembered overdue homework.
Her teacher would not let her turn in the homework.
She was very happy with the teacher.
Patricia was spell-bound as soon as she looked into a microscope.
She couldn't believe there was another world she couldn't see.
Immediately she knew she was going to become a biologist.
The next 8 Years, she studied science in school and college.
Patricia realized it was a big mistake.
Lily never really enjoyed sports.
Over the summer she watched the women's world cup with her family.
She was inspired and decided to join a soccer team.
The team had been playing for a while and she was behind.
She was the best player.
Marisse went to the auction to look for some items.
At the registration desk, they asked her for her credit card.
She took out some cash instead and used that as a deposit.
She went on to bid on some storage lockers and won two.
Marissa took the two puppies home.
One year, Jessica went to summer camp.
She had a great time.
The following year, she was too old to attend the camp.
However, she was old enough to work there.
She was excited to get to work at the camp.
Gina had gotten her phone back from a teacher.
He had kept it 2 days.
Her mother was becoming suspicious.
Now she would be able to keep it secret that it was ever taken.
Gina threw the phone away.
Meg couldn't find her favorite gold earrings.
She was beginning to suspect the new maid had stolen them!
Her husband admonished her to search the house more carefully.
Meg realized that perhaps they had been vacuumed up by mistake!
Meg could not think of where they could be.
Marcy wondered about the kids.
She had been in the kitchen and hadn't heard them in awhile.
Usually, when the kids were quiet, they were getting into something.
Marcy looked in the bedrooms and didn't see them.
She found them in the living room reading and was relieved.
Ori's mom sent him off to the market.
She admonished him to remember the brown eggs.
But Ori couldn't find them at the market.
He had to check three different stores.
He finally decided to buy white eggs instead.
A week before Christmas, Abby and her family got together.
They went to a local nursing home, wearing Santa hats.
They went from room to room, singing Christmas carols.
Some of the patients sang with them.
They all had a very memorable time together.
Maggie and her classmates went to a zoo for their field trip.
They saw monkeys, gorillas and panda's first.
After that, they saw snakes and lizards!
They even got to feed some of the baby animals.
Maggie has never seen a panda.
Vianna was a full-time college student.
She did not have a job and she needed money.
She searched online for ways to make money from home.
She found a site named amazon turk and started working from there.
Vianna now works everyday.
Everyone in my family got together for Thanksgiving.
It was a long journey for many, but they made it.
We all sat together and ate dinner.
After dinner, we visited and caught up.
We had a great time.
Lina has two kids.
Lina was cleaning their rooms and realized their drawers were stuffed.
She began to sort through the clothes.
Lina had a big pile of clothes that were too small for her kids.
Lina made her kids wear clothes from the pile.
Anna wanted a banana milkshake.
Her local ice cream shop didn't have that flavor.
She went home and got out her blender.
Then she added her own bananas and ice cream.
Anna thought the chocolate shake tasted dreadful.
I got into my car and closed the door.
I turned the engine on and started to drive.
I was headed in the direction of the gas station.
It was lunch time and I was starting to get hungry.
I decided to buy chips at the gas station.
Tommy recently landed a position on his school's Debate team.
They were having a debate tonight.
He was pretty nervous.
When he got there, the entire school was watching.
Tommy started playing guitar.
Jill was a high school student.
She dreaded having to go to class.
One day, she decided to ditch school.
Her parents found out the next day.
Jill's parents scolded her for skipping class.
Chris went shopping for a new car.
While on the lot, he saw plenty of cars but none that he liked.
He was about to leave when he spotted it.
The shiny red car was right in front of him, begging him to buy it.
Chris bought the red car.
Henry wanted to play a scavenger hunt for his son's birthday party.
A list of items to retrieve was created first.
He turned to neighbors and nearby businesses for help.
After placing items in appropriate places he had to create the hints.
Henry decided not to do the scavenger hunt.
Jake had a hard time making friends at his new school.
He had low self esteem and felt didn't deserve to have friends.
One day he met John who happened to feel the same way.
John and Jake soon became best friends.
They both became more confident and made more friends too.
Sean was born into an Irish immigrant family.
He was always proud of his Irish heritage.
His family kept customs, ate Irish food, and watched Irish sports.
Sean saved up money and paid for a big trip to Ireland.
He was thrilled when he was finally on his way to Ireland.
Todd was not careful with his electrical appliances.
He plugged in an old toaster with a frayed cord.
When he was out of the room, he smelled a strange sound.
The toaster had caught fire!
He used a fire extinguisher to save the day.
Beth was making mashed potatoes from scratch.
After cooking the potatoes it was time to mash them.
Her mother didn't have a food processor, Beth had to mash by hand.
It was hard work which took hours.
Beth was dedicated to making great mashed potatoes.
John and Sue often kissed at school in between classes.
They were told not to do it but they did anyway.
One day the principal caught the two kissing.
They were both suspended for a week.
Their parents jointly threw them a huge party to celebrate.
Ashley's dog has fleas and is scratching himself.
Ashley was very worried that she would get fleas as well.
She went to the store and put flea and tick shampoo.
Ashley then went home and gave her dog a bath.
Ashley's dog was full of live fleas.
I lived in the South End of Boston from 1968 to 1981.
It was a run down section of town.
I bought many books there, since they cost only ten cents.
I revisited the shop in 1991.
I hate spaghetti.
My daughter had been begging for a pet.
Her birthday was coming up.
I visited the pet store to do some research.
The workers helped me make a decision.
They helped me realize that I should cut my hair short.
Kaylee always wanted a puppy.
On her birthday her parents took her to a farm.
There were lots of beagle puppies there.
Her parents told her she could pick a puppy for her birthday.
Kaylee was thrilled!
Alice wanted to go to school to become a veterinarian.
She worked hard all throughout high school to have good grades.
She even volunteered at the local zoo to pad her resume.
When the time came, she applied to many different schools.
She cried of joy when she received her first acceptance letter.
My laptop didn't want to work.
It stopped turning on for some reason.
I tried a few different things to fix it.
Finally I got a new charger off the internet.
Now it comes on every time.
My laboratory professor was explaining today's lab.
He told us not to pour water followed by an acid.
While I was looking at my notes, I barely paid attention.
When the experiment began, I poured water before an acid in a tube.
My professor was very upset.
Jack liked to take trips on the weekends with his friends.
They often liked to go skiing in the mountains.
Jack theorized that this weekend would have perfect skiing weather.
He told his friends to drive with him up to the resort.
They rented a car and had a wonderful time skiing.
Brad was sick with a cold!
He wanted to go out and play!
He was too weak to move.
His mother gave him soup and medicine.
Brad's mother was very caring.
Barry had only one thousand dollars left in his bank account.
He needed to find a job.
He searched for 3 months.
Eventually, his money ran out.
He had to go to a homeless shelter.
Juan wanted to make tacos for his family tonight.
He went to the grocery store and bought the ingredients.
As he was preparing dinner he realized he forgot the tortillas!
He wanted to go back to the store but it was closed.
Juan's mother showed him how to make a taco casserole instead.
Lena was sick.
Lena was sad because she wouldn't see her friends at school.
So she took her vitamins.
She got better quickly
Lena went to school only to find out her friends were sick.
Jim was farting a lot more than usual.
His wife became concerned because they smelled unusually terrible.
She insisted that he go see a doctor.
Jim's doctor told him he is becoming lactose intolerant.
Jim's wife decided he should have a dairy-rich diet.
Tim bought a new lamp today.
He went home to set it up.
Tim opened the box and followed the instructions.
He assembled the lamp within five minutes.
Tim was pleased the lamp was so easy to set up.
Sandy had taken dance for ten Year's.
She was about to graduate and wanted to tryout for dance team.
She practiced and practiced.
On the day of tryouts, she broke her toe.
She could not participate in the tryout with the injury.
Morgan loved tea.
She bought a travel mug to bring tea with her to school.
She drank all of her tea on the drive to school.
So, when she got to school, she had to fill up with more hot water.
Morgan was glad she remembered to bring extra tea bags with her.
Beth started collecting dolls.
She bought dolls online and at flea markets and antique shops.
Soon Beth's house was full of dolls.
When a friend came to visit, there was no room to chat in the house.
She loved the cupcake.
Jim was in a go cart race.
He designed his go kart by himself.
While he raced, his tires fell off.
He didn't know what to do.
He finished in first place.
Bob was warm and tender towards his wife.
He wanted to get her a very special gift for Valentine's Day.
He asked all the people he knew what he should get her.
They all had different opinions, leaving Bob confused.
Bob was never the same after being tasered by the mall cops.
Ida had tickets to a two-day outdoor music festival.
She was sad when it began to rainy on day one.
But then she saw that other attendees weren't upset.
They just danced in the rainy, so I followed suit.
Ida was glad she could dance in the rain at the festival.
Jeff was walking home to only see a tornado at a distance.
Jeff knew he was in danger so he went to a nearby house.
He rang the doorbell and asked if he can stay until tornado dies off.
The homeowner let Jeff inside.
They huddled in the bathroom as the tornado raged overhead.
Anna wanted to bake a cake for her mom's birthday.
She tried twice, but both cakes fell flat.
Then she found a solution.
She went to the bakery and bought a cake.
She ate the cake alone at home.
Ron had just found out that his family was moving to a farm.
Ron was nervous.
He knew nothing about animals.
But when he got to the new home, he was surprised.
Ron found that he rather enjoyed living on a farm.
Ron has anger problems.
During a trip to the store, he got angry at a slow cashier.
The cashier was sassy, and egged him on further.
Ron grabbed the cashier by the shirt, and pulled him over the counter.
Ron was given a prize by the store.
My friend and I decided to start a band and perform for our families.
I was singer and my friend played guitar.
We practiced in my garage.
Eventually, we got pretty good.
We stopped playing in a band together.
A boy Jack had been asking his parents to get a puppy for months.
After all the time he asked they finally gave in and said yes.
Jack spent about thirty minutes looking online for a puppy.
He found one in the area that he lived.
Jack abandoned the whole idea of getting a puppy.
Jon loved the night sky.
He would spend many of his nights looking at the stars.
His mom saw that he loved the night sky.
His mom bought him a telescope.
Jon then watched germs with his microscope.
Jack went on a trip to the store.
He really needed to buy some eggs.
He looked everywhere but could not find them!
He asked the clerk where they were.
The clerk told him where the bacon was located.
Jimmy climbed on to the counter while his Mom was distracted.
He nimbly scurried to where the stove burner glowed red.
Jimmy screamed when his outreached hand touched the burner.
His Mom appeared instantly and whisked him away from it.
Jimmy laughed.
Billy buried some treasure in his backyard.
He drew a map so he wouldn't forget where he'd put it.
Years passed and Billy's family moved.
Decades later, he went back and used his map to dig it back up.
He threw away the treasure he found.
My mom took me grocery shopping.
She let me pick out all the food.
I picked out a lot of candy and snacks!
Then, she went to the register and paid for it all.
I didn't like any of the groceries my mom bought.
Joe got fired from his job.
He was sad.
He needed money for bills.
He called  up grant.
Joe loaned Grant some money.
Rakesh decides that he would like to cook lobster for dinner.
He visits the local seafood market and picks a huge lobster.
Rakesh brings it home and boils it in water.
He eats the lobster with butter and corn on the cob.
Lobster was Rakesh's least favorite food.
Ron woke up and looked out the window.
The street was covered in a foot of snow!
School was canceled that day.
Ron spent the whole day playing in the snow with his friends.
Ron was very happy.
My brother loved candy.
He ate a lot of it.
He left the wrappers on the counter.
Our mother scolded him for it.
He didn't listen until we got a lot of ants one spring.
Brad wanted eggs for breakfast.
Brad was all out of eggs!
Brad cried for a long time.
Brad's mother came home with eggs!
Brad had delicious Eggs Benedict.
Paulo had always wanted to serve in his student council.
However, he was worried he wouldn't be elected.
Paulo asked many students for their support in the election.
Finally on election day, Paulo was elected to student council.
Paulo was ashamed of what he did.
Patrick's parents raised ducks.
One day, Patrick was playing near the ducks.
One of the ducks started chasing him!
The duck caught up to Patrick and bit him on the leg.
Patrick developed a fear of dogs because of the incident.
I am a different person than I used to be.
I used to be heavyset but I lost weight.
I took up swimming and lost the weight.
I worked out three times week and ate healthy every day.
I am much healthier now.
Jane's girlfriend works at a flower shop.
She never gets tired of her work.
One day Jane decided to get her a rose.
Even though her girlfriend saw many a day she loved it.
Jane's girlfriend was a die-hard flower lover.
Damon lost his wallet with his ID in it.
He searched all over the house.
He couldn't find it anywhere.
He eventually just went and got a replacement ID.
Damon went straight to his room and went to bed.
Bob was going to take his daughter to see Grandma.
The two drove to Grandma's house a few miles down the street.
Grandma welcomed them with open arms.
The 3 of them had a big dinner at night.
Bob's daughter thanked Grandma for the delicious meal.
Sue's cat was nowhere to be seen.
Sue searched for her cat for hours until she heard purring outside.
Her cat was stuck in the tree.
Sue called up the fire department.
Suzi hoped the cat would stay in the tree.
Ava brought home a catfish.
She put it into her tank.
She wasn't sure how the other fish would react.
She watched apprehensively.
Ava flushed all the aquarium water down the toilet.
I love to go to the movies.
I used to go almost every single weekend.
There was a theater about ten minutes from my house that was decent.
It closed down though and now I have to drive far to see movie.
It costs more for gas to the other theater.
I bought a new car today.
It is shiny and red.
The inside smells so fresh and clean.
I love the car so much.
I decided to get rid of the car.
Teresa was an artist.
She made a beautiful sculpture of an angel.
She entered it into an art contest.
The judges liked the sculpture very much.
She won the contest and was proud of herself.
My dog waited for me by the house front door.
We walked to the park for playtime and exercise.
The dog and I walked around the block before returning home.
When we walked through the front door, she took a big drink of water.
Then she lay down and took a nap.
Matt found a puppy wandering down the street.
It looked lost and scared, so Matt took it home.
Matt's mom called some neighbors, and eventually found its owner.
The puppy's owner was so relieved to know his puppy was safe!
The puppy's owner gave Matt a reward for finding it.
Mike bought a new bike to ride in his town.
He cycled from his house to a friend's house.
On the way he met a group of kids riding bikes as well.
Neiter Mike nor the kids were wearing helmets at the time.
Mike didn't like riding bikes.
Lucy placed a pan of food into the oven.
She set a timer and sat down to watch television.
After awhile, she smelled smoke.
Quickly, she checked the timer and realized it never went off.
Lucy realized the meal was burned.
Tim's history class was first thing in the morning.
He arrived to class very tired.
He started to nod off.
When he woke up, class was almost over.
Tim's teacher praised his attentiveness.
Amy called her internet provider for help.
She explained her issue to the representative.
They person gave an answer that in no way acknowledged her issue.
Amy repeated her issue to no avail.
Amy became best friends with the operator.
Sam regretted not starting his history essay earlier.
He typed up his closing paragraphs.
All of a sudden, his screen was covered in a large blue error message.
Sam shrugged and restarted his computer.
He was disappointed in his broken computer.
Doug and Molly decided to go the park to take a walk.
While they were there they found a stray dog.
They carried the dog back to their apartment.
They posted an ad online to try to find the owner.
They never found the owner and kept the dog.
Bill's father told him to keep practicing his piano scales.
He was an expert pianist, and wanted the same for his son.
Bill was too young to understand the value of practice.
He bitterly sat at the piano, playing his scales over and over.
Bill was happy to practice every day.
Lance wanted to have a romantic evening with his wife.
He put the kids to bed early and started dinner.
He forgot to check the cooking and burned down the kitchen.
His wife arrived to the fire department.
Lance's wife felt very romantic and loving when she arrived home.
Maria wanted to learn Spanish.
She decided to fully immerse herself in it.
She bought a one way ticket to Spain.
After six months, Maria could speak fluent Spanish.
Leah forgot how to speak Spanish.
Jay got stuck in an elevator on his way out of his office.
It stopped between floors and the lights flickered.
Jay was terrified!
He battled his claustrophobia for two hours.
After two hours firefighters came and rescued Jay.
Ben was babysitting.
He had never babysat before and he was nervous.
He found that the little boy was fun to watch, though.
Soon he and the kid were laughing and playing games.
He was accused of pedophilia and sent to prison.
Ted always wanted to be a senator.
He finally got the chance to run.
He was eager to make a difference.
Unfortunately a personal issue derailed his campaign.
Ted's friends thought he would run in the campaign uncontested.
Julie had a pretty pink ball that she loved to bounce outside.
One day, it bounced too far and went into the street.
It rolled down the hill and over the curb.
It then rolled into the creek.
She continued playing with the ball all afternoon.
Bob decided to hike in the jungles of Indonesia.
He bought a plane ticket and packed his bags.
When he arrived, he realized he forgot his malaria vaccine.
He decided to hike the jungle regardless.
Bob had always been reckless.
John had had a bike since he was 14.
John is now in his early 40's.
John's son, Carl, just turned ten.
Carl showed interest in his dad's bike in the garage.
Carl decided to give the bike to his son.
Kim had eaten deer meat without knowing what type of meat it was.
She found the thought disgusting.
She ran to the bathroom as she gagged.
By the time she reached the bathroom the gagging had subsided.
She went back and had another large serving of deer meat.
Carl looked into a telescope for the first time at 9-Year's-old.
He was immediately breath-taken and full of wonder.
He decided he had to learn more about the cosmos.
He studied science and astronomy through high school and college.
He ended up becoming a scientist.
Julie had a coworker named Barry who loved to make trouble for others.
Barry told Julie, who was new, that she should dress up for Halloween.
Julie, who was naive, came to work dressed as a cat on Halloween.
She was the only one in costume!
Julie was incredibly embarrassed.
I was riding my bike to work one summer morning.
I was a little late, so I was in a hurry.
I was biking a little recklessly.
To my dismay, my reckless biking caused me to get in an accident.
I knew then that I wanted to become a professional cyclist.
Gina whispered to Mary in detention.
The girls giggled together.
Gina could tell the teacher wasn't pleased.
They continued to whisper.
The teacher told them to stop talking.
Daniel got home from a night out on the town.
He noticed the lights in his home wouldn't turn on.
He checked the fridge.
It was not on.
Daniel went to check the breaker box.
The cop pulled me over at night.
He said I had been speeding.
He went back to his car.
I waited with the lights flashing behind me.
I hoped he would just give me a warning.
Melissa was tired of trying to get her son up for school everyday.
He was always late going out the door.
Melissa asked her mother for advice.
She decided to try one of her mother's suggestions out.
Melissa's mother suggested putting her son to bed earlier.
Mark was a pro wrestler.
He was getting ready for a big fight.
He was nervous but practiced tediously.
On the night of the fight he had won all rounds.
Mark did not do well and felt defeated.
Rex has always wanted to visit Argentina.
He saves up his money for the big trip.
Finally he has booked his flight to Argentina.
He eats delicious food and drinks many types of wine.
Rex enjoys himself.
Jay and Bella loved fish tanks.
They had everything they needed for a new tank except for some plants.
They set the tank up and ordered some plants from a web site.
It took 2 weeks for the plants to arrive.
They bought some fish.
Sandra had always wished for a pet turtle.
She told her parents she would be responsible for it.
At first her parents didn't agree.
Eventually Sandra convinced her parents she should get a turtle.
She loved her new turtle.
A group of children played marbles one afternoon.
Or at least, they tried to.
There was a great deal of arguing.
Ultimately, they gave up and played something else.
The children decided to play hide and go seek instead.
Jessica wanted to feed the birds without buying feeders.
She gathered a bunch of pinecones under the trees.
Strands of ribbon were attached to each one.
She rolled the pinecones in peanut butter and bird seed.
She hung the pinecones from the trees and waited for the birds.
Last Friday I ate lunch with my niece.
We went to a restaurant that had a jungle theme.
My niece was excited because the restaurant was so cool.
We ate our meals, and shared a dessert.
This would be our new favorite restaurant.
Betsy comes home late one night and wants to eat something simple.
She notices that she has spaghetti and sauce in the house.
She quickly cooks and eats a pot of spaghetti.
After eating, she falls asleep on the couch.
She was full and happy.
Han and Leia once fought in a great battle together.
Leia's brother also fought with them.
They were all heros.
Many Year's later, Han and Leia had a child.
They had no children.
Gina was not supposed to use her phone in detention.
So when she dropped the phone she knew it was trouble.
The teacher held the phone and stared at her.
Gina pretended it wasn't her phone.
Gina's teacher told her she could use her phone.
Jill had problems breathing one day.
She went to the doctor and she discovered she had anxiety.
She began to practice meditation.
Her anxiety is now under control.
Jill was glad she went to the doctor.
Jan had to pick up her daughter after class.
In a hurry, she drove to school in housecoat and slippers.
Jan waited in the car for her daughter, who didn't show up.
Worried, Jan went to the door of the class to find her daughter.
Then she realized it was Saturday.
Sara was a dancer.
She was practicing for her recital.
As she went to go on pointe, she heard a loud pop.
Sarah broke her big toe.
Sara cried out in pain.
Todd played hockey.
Tonight was the big game.
All his friends would be there.
He was nervous.
Todd's knees shook as he skated because he was nervous.
Joan kept waking up from her roommate playing music.
She complained that she had trouble sleeping.
Her roommate promised to be more considerate.
Her roommate began wearing headphones.
Joan was disappointed in her roomate.
A man named Pete got off of work.
After work, he drove to the gym.
He went into the gym and found a workout machine.
While working out, Pete worked up a sweat.
He showered after he finished working out.
Clare wanted to go for a walk.
So she went outside and walked around her block.
But the sun began to rise.
And Clare began feeling hot.
She took off her jacket to cool off.
Nina needed cash for a prom dress.
She decided to deliver papers to earn money.
She rode her bike passing out papers.
After a week, it was time to collect her pay.
Nina bought a new bike with her earnings.
Gina and her friend Tami were walking around the playground.
They talked for 5 minutes.
Now they were out of thing to discuss.
Gina racked her brain but could find nothing to say.
Tami wished Gina would shut up, but she just kept talking.
Harry was especially talented at computer repair.
His mother called him over to fix her computer.
He could not figure out what was wrong with it.
Finally, he realized the problem.
Harry quickly fixed the problem for his mother.
Stacy bought a bag of chips.
She took them to the park to eat a snack.
Her friend Kevin was also at the park.
Stacey shared her chips with Kevin.
Kevin was very angry with Stacy.
Dana's mother came to visit for a week.
Dana's husband Glenn thinks her mother is trying to poison him.
During breakfast Glenn stomach starts to cramp.
Glen becomes outraged.
However, turns out to just be gas.
Kendall was exhausted.
She had about twelve different shows to do this fashion week.
The work was tiring.
Thankfully the pay was good.
If it wasn't such easy work she would have quit.
When I was young we used to drive from Florida to Michigan yearly.
We would pack up all our stuff and load them into the truck.
We would leave early in the morning to make the most of our time.
Driving, eating, and sleeping were the only reasons we would stop.
My dad always drove safely and we arrived quickly.
Gill's favorite character was Columbo portrayed by Peter Falk.
Gill had seen every episode.
Gill even owned all of them, including the many later seasons.
Gill started acting like Columbo sometimes.
Gill and Peter Falk shared a mutual hatred for each other.
Chad wanted to bowl a perfect game.
Last Saturday he came close.
He had all strikes and only needed two more.
He missed his second to last one.
He did not miss the last one, but was still disappointed.
He watched in anger from outside the window.
The lovers were oblivious to his presence.
He burst through the door and was atop them in moments.
The other man struggled but he was too weak to prevent his own demise.
His cheating wife continued the affair.
Ivan got bitten by a mosquito on a forest hike.
The bite was red and itchy, but it didn't bother him at first.
Then it swelled up terribly and became sore.
A doctor looked at it and told Ivan the bite was infected!
Ivan was happy the hike ended so well.
Paige was a very good student.
She always got the best grades out of her friends.
However one week she got very sick.
She fell behind in her studies.
Paige decided to play in the snow,
One day, John met a cute girl named Jessica.
He enjoyed talking to her and spending time with her.
John asked Jessica to go out with him on a date.
She said yes, and they had a good time.
John was upset that they had such an awful time.
The flute that sits on the shelf covered in dust.
One day a man comes in the store and takes it home.
This man wipes away the dust.
He starts playing a song.
The man did not like music.
Maggie was scared and excited to go on the space mountain ride.
Her and her mother waited in line for what seemed like two hours.
When the line was shorter the two got to the front.
They stepped in the cars and put on their seatbelts.
Maggie was glad that the wait in line was so short.
My friends all love to go to the club to dance.
They think it's a lot of fun and always invite.
I finally decided to tag along last Saturday.
I danced terribly and broke a friend's toe.
My friends decided to keep inviting me out as I am so much fun.
Avery was married with children.
She was tired of her boring life.
One day, she decided to meet up with an old boyfriend from college.
She made poor decisions that night and was unfaithful to her husband.
Avery thought her children would be happy with her decision.
John was writing lyrics for his new album.
He started experiencing writer's block.
He tried to force himself to write but it wouldn't do anything.
He took a walk, hung out with some friends, and looked at nature.
He felt inspiration and then went back home to write.
There was an extremely obnoxious boy in Kerry's economics class.
He monopolized every class discussion with his mediocre ideas.
The professor could never get him to be quiet.
One day, he showed up to class with laryngitis.
Kerry was disappointed.
Brandon was given a 10 page research paper to write for class.
He begun working on the paper on his 2003 Dell laptop.
Brandon stayed up until 1 in the morning to try and finish his paper.
Suddenly, his computer crashed and died.
When he finished his paper he went to bed.
Ari spends $20 a day on pickles.
He decides to make his own to save money.
He puts the pickles in brine.
Ari waits 2 weeks for his pickles to get sour.
Ari opens the jar to find perfect pickles.
Trudey wanted to write novels for a living.
She wrote one through traditional publishing means.
It barely made enough to cover the advance she had received.
She wrote another through self-publishing avenues.
Trudey hoped self-publishing would be more profitable.
Oliver was nervous about his wedding.
He was worried that he would stutter during the vows.
When the time came, he took a deep breath and began to speak.
He stuttered, but his wife smiled and hugged him and he was okay.
Oliver decided to not get married.
Sara had lost her cat.
She was so sad!
She put up signs all over the neighborhood.
Then a wonderful thing happened.
Sarah broke her leg.
Kelly was playing her new Mario game.
She had been playing it for weeks.
She was playing for so long without beating the level.
Finally she beat the last level.
Kelly was mad about that.
When I was a kid I really wanted to play checkers.
I sat down with my grandpa and he taught me.
At first, he was just teaching me but it became a special thing.
As I got older, I continued to play checkers with him.
To this day I hate checkers.
Ivy wanted a cell phone like all her friends.
She saved up her money from delivering papers.
Soon she had enough for a phone.
She went shopping and selected the perfect phone.
Amy spent all of her money on clothes.
Dave walked into the grocery store.
He was going there to buy his favorite energy drink.
He only had enough money to buy one can.
He reached the aisle and what he saw made him smile.
Dave bought an entire case.
Ramona was very unhappy in her job.
She asked for a raise, but was denied.
The refusal prompted her to aggressively comb the want ads.
She found an interesting new possibility and set up an interview.
She was offered the new job at a higher salary.
I wanted to buy a video game console.
I asked my parents, and they came up with an idea.
They said if I did my chores, I would be given money to save.
I did my chores without being asked every week for a whole summer.
My parents gave me enough money to buy the console.
